Hi, I want to learn to play horseshoes. Can you teach me?
How do I teach kids to meditate?
Can you tell me the steps for getting a harbor boat slip for my sailboat?
How can I store food if I don't have a pantry?
what are some good novels for a 9 year old?
Is a higher octane gasoline better for your car?
How can I feed squirrels and make more come to my home?
How should I dress for a job interview?
What will remove cigarette odor from a room?
Are gift cards good Christmas presents?
What is the difference between a migraine and a regular headache?
Are time outs helpful for kids?
I'm trying to find out who Bob Dylan is. Can you help me?
How do I find the present value of a collector baseball card?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Samaki?
What should I do if my boss is always mean to me?
Which automobile company was the first to offer seat belts?
Can rust be removed from metal?
How can I lose 50 lbs. in a year?
Have any new technological advances been made in regards to electricity within the past few years?
What are the best wigs for women?
What are some of the best books by Ray Bradbury?
I have a hard time getting up early in the morning. How can I become more of a morning person?
Which breed of dog should I get? I've just moved into a new apartment, and there's a couple of rooms, and we have access to a local park, but don't want to go on big walks.
How can I lose 50 lbs. in a year?
My 35 year old son is having pain from his jaw, neck and shoulder blade
Why are so many stores closed on Sundays? Is it a religious reason?
If I wanted to watch the Star Wars movies so that the timeline is chronological, which order should I watch them in?
I have a fast heartbeat. What could be wrong?
Is there any companies that can compete with Amazon?
Can you give me some examples of a palatalization?
I've heard debates about whether ancient Egyptians were brown or black skinned. Do you have any information about this?
I have a stomachache every day. What could be the problem?
I have been gaining weight and want to start exercising. How should I begin?
What do I do about rough knees?
Could you provide me some recommendations on music that is similar to the band Megadeth?
Which programming language is the easiest to learn online on my own?
What is macular degeneration?
How did Thanksgiving come about?
If I have enough money to buy a house with cash, should I do that over getting a mortgage?
I'd like to make some Chinese food. Can you recommend a delicious and healthy recipe?
What are the rules to basketball?
Is it better to buy a bounce house or to rent one?
Have you heard of Santana?
Can you change the oil in the car yourself?
What was the original tradition of Christmas?
Why does crayon feel like wax?
If you were to float above the ground would the Earth rotate below you?
How do I know I am a hoarder?
What does detox mean?
I keep biting the inside of my cheek when I'm sleeping. What can I do to prevent this in the future?
Could you help me learn about the Intervention of Haiti in 1994?
I want to make pancakes but I have never made them before. Can you help me?
I am trying to learn more about UFC history. Which two fighters were a part of the first match ever?
How do you sterilize a small open wound?
Teaching a child how to convert a percent to a decimal
How do I make chamoy apples?
What are signs of being spiritually ascended? Seems many religions, aspire to this.
What can I do on Easter Island?
How many amendments are there in the constitution?
How do you cook sous vide?
Might The Lock Ness Monster really exist?
How do you make homemade doughnuts?
What kind of privacy settings are there on a PC to make it safe for a child to use?
What does a contractor do?
Any tips on how to revise something you wrote?
What are some of the best Christmas songs?
How can I keep ants out of my home
Paulo Coelho has been a great author for many years. What are some of his best-known books? I might want to read another book of his.
What is a QR code?
How can I look up how much gas my car can hold?
What are some good Christmas dinner meals?
What's the best way to clean a pair of leather Reebok sneakers?
I am going to Singapore on business. Can you tell me what you know about Singapore?
Do you know how to update the firmware for an electronic device?
How do I learn to do club dances?
Which foods are high in B Vitamins?
Can I make slime without glue?
Why don't rainbow ever touch the ground?
How do you laminate a document?
Hi, I'd like to make some New England style clam chowder. Can you give me a recipe for that?
More trivia questions! Question One: What is a doe?
Why are there different time zones in the world?
I'm looking into different career avenues to decide what I might want to pursue. How do I start a podcast?
Do you think you can help me learn how to mount a TV to a wall?
What is a good dessert to serve on Thanksgiving?
What is FAFSA?
Who was the first documented serial killer in the united states?
I would like to know some useful facts about Stephan Hawking.
Why do most new things we buy only last a little while before they break? In the old days, stuff lasted.
What time is sunrise at this time of year?
How did the american football get it's oblong shape?
What places should I visit in New Jersey?
how can i show appreciation for my doctor?
What are places I can visit in Canada?
How do I stop cats from pooping in my yard?
Can you help me find a recent Pixar movie that is about space?
What is the best selling candy in the US?
Do you know the reasons as to why people love coffee so much?
Why did they settle on the 4 cylinder engine for most cars manufactured today?
How do I calculate my yearly salary?
I find myself dealing with insomnia quite often. Do you have any tips for dealing with insomnia?
How can I help someone with Down Syndrome to achieve independence?
What kind of coping strategies can I teach my child to use when he gets mad?
Have there been any major breakthroughs recently regarding drone technology?
What are some chocolate-based desserts in French cuisine?
Can you tell me how to invest in a 401k plan?
Does cereal have too much sugar?
what color does blue and purple make?
I'm thinking about buying an electric car. I want to know the downsides of owning one.
how can i bench press more?
How can I restore my wood floors and make them look like new?
How do I make vodka mojitos?
I've been working graveyard shifts for nearly a decade now. I heard it's really bad for the health, and isn't a good long-term career. Is that true? How long do you think can I keep this up?
When was the Yankee Stadium built?
How does light therapy work?
What is the best way to make a friend?
Do you know which days of the year are dedicated to National food days? I want to take advantage of some of them.
What is the youngest age that someone can buy cigarettes in the USA?
Is the LA Times a left leaning or right leaning news source?
How do I encourage a baby to pull up?
How do I clean a green pool?
What are ways to extend the shelf life of vermouth?
How can I tone up my body?
What are some fun and unique things to do in Hawaii?
I need to write about the characteristics of living organisms, can you list some?
Can you tell me what are common dishes a hand immersion blender is good for?
Can you give me a recipe for potato pancakes?
I want to learn how to spatchcock a turkey for roasting.
When was Marvel started?
In what states is it legal to own an owl?
What are the main differences between capitalism and communism?
What is the best weight loss program for women?
What is a zoom call?
What is the best time to water outdoor plants? Is it better in the morning or late at night?
I love roller-coasters! Where is one of the best!
Hi, I have to diagram sentences for my English class, and show something called 'subject' and something called 'predicate.' Can you help me figure out how to do that?
I've been having a lot of trouble sleeping lately and could use some advice on falling asleep faster. Do you have any ideas?
What are some tips for photography of children?
How do I learn to use a pogo stick?
How do shoe insoles help you?
What are some cute types of outfits to wear for summer?
how do i keep my wood floors looking good?
How do I make squash soup?
I am trying to learn more about UFC history. Which two fighters were a part of the first match ever?
I'm trying to find out what the different phases of the moon are. Can you help?
How can I negotiate at a pawn shop?
What was Yugoslavia and what happened to it?
How do you draw a horse?
How can I remove hair from my legs with wax?
I'm going to France and need to learn a few food words.
Do you know of any ways to help delay a jackolantern from rotting?
I wanna learn how to become a photographer?
are rats or mice better pets?
Does the US really go to war because of the access to oil in other countries?
I would like to know the list of U.S. states by date of admission to the United States.
How can I clarify butter?
Do people who deliver pizza actually enjoy their jobs?
Did Durer ever see a rhinoceros in real life?
I'm trying to make spring rolls. Do you have a good recipe?
How do I properly dispose of cooking oil?
How do you cash a personal check?
What are some good classic Disney movies?
How do you take care of a bamboo tree?
I've heard that Uma Thurman has done charity work. She's a great actress. I'm curious what you might know about her work?
Search for Jeff Goldblum movies.
Hi! I'm trying to get a nighttime routine going for my 1 year old. Do you have any advice for me?
How do home vacuums work?
What are good valentine's day presents for a husband?
Can you share some information on cochlear impants?
What's a good way to keep clothes from getting wrinkled if I have no place to hang them?
What do I do about a cockroach infestation?
Find some adventure games for the Playstation 3.
I'm thinking about watching a different movie. Wasn't Dean Martin in a western once? I might watch that.
Can you tell me what happened in the Prohibition?
What is a good stocking stuffer
Are time outs helpful for kids?
How do i get a perfect cooked turkey for thanksgiving?
What are some of the best action-adventure video games?
What games are being released for the PS4 next month?
What are the long term benefits of meditation?
Why do people use VPNs
can you give me a recipe for cranberry relish?
What kind of fruits can I use to make a custard fruit tart?
How do I clean a mirror?
What are some methods I can use to help with my social anxiety?
What is a good brand of soccer cleat?
Is Maine a hard place to buy a house?
What is Pizza ai frutti di mare?
How do you delete a Facebook account?
How do you set up a tent?
Is the United Kingdom a monarchy?
What is the meaning of life?
What are some of Mozart's best musical pieces?
What is JavaScript?
what is some good sauce for chicken nuggets?
I need to know what to gift a college graduate next year. Got any suggestions?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zopf?
I'm thinking about taking a road trip along Route 66 and I want to learn more about it
I want to try and find a new book to read. I like to read about factual events and things about soace. WHat could I read?
What is the youngest age someone can get a black belt in Karate?
How do I cook boneless chicken breasts in the oven?
I want to be more environmentally friendly. What tips do you have?
Search for best The Cars songs
How do I become a train conducter?
Can you suggest any cookbooks for making vegan dishes?
Please tell me the internet history.
Where is MOS Burger's headquarter?
What safety equipment should you have on hand when you play with fireworks?
I'd like to comfort a relative who sprained their ankle. Do you have any suggestions?
I heard that the banana that the artificial banana flavoring is modeled on is extinct, is that true?
I’m looking for a new K-Drama to watch
How are Swedish meatballs different from Italian meatballs?
Please tell me more about Facebook. My friends are encouraging me to open an account.
How do I make a nice place for a rabbit to live?
Search for a sweet potato recipe
Is it ok for kids to watch scary movies?
I just bought a puppy but I already have an older cat at home. What is the best way to introduce the puppy to my cat?
What are some good PBS preschool programs?
Can a person born in Canada be a US Senator?
What is the formula for finding the area of a rectangle?
How do I make my own chicken stock?
How do i make cake frosting?
I want to comfort a friend who recently lost a pet. Do you have any thoughts on how to make them feel better?
What's a good substitute for eggs in a cake recipe
How can I develop a better relationship with my parents?
Can you tell me the name of the most popular video game of all time?
How do I improve my negotiation skills?
Find a chocolate fudge recipe
How do I steam frozen vegetables?
Can you describe how an autonomous car works?
I'm trying to lower my weekly grocery bill. What are some ways to save money while grocery shopping?
What are some benefits to gravel yard instead of grass lawn?
I've heard that the Mediterranean diet is healthier than some, why is that?
Can you tell me the name of the most popular video game of all time?
Do you need a license to fish?
How do I keep my saltwater pool running well?
I keep biting the inside of my cheek when I'm sleeping. What can I do to prevent this in the future?
What are ways to safely introduce a dog to a cat?
what are some games my kids can play with a bouncy ball?
How do I make Italian ice?
What are some easy tricks I can teach my dog?
Out of French, German, and Arabic, which is the easiest language for me to learn?
Where did Archie Manning go to high school?
When is the best time to visit Alaska?
Is a cookbook a good gift?
I see that some countries have really nice high speed railway systems. The US has been trying, but can't seem to keep up. Why?
What are some things one can do to boost their dopamine levels?
I sleep on my stomach all the time, but have been told that its bad for my back. Is this true?
How do I make taco seasoning?
Can you help me learn about detox juices?
Help! My dog got sprayed by a skunk!
How do I raise chickens to get eggs?
Should I buy an unlocked phone or one under contract
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Aloo Ki Tikki?
What is a dwarf planet?
What are some good historical novels for kids?
Why did the South surrender in the civil war?
Can you tell me what the meaning and themes are of the book Oliver Twist?
How can I make stonewash jeans?
Should you exfoliate your skin?
Find Steve McQueen movies
How can I be more humble?
What are benefits of drinking wine?
Is it better to use nails or screws on wood?
How do I learn to type without looking?
How do I care for a wood table?
Search for Amy Adams movies
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Maast-o Khiar?
Who is the Pioneer Woman?
how can i get my baby to drink more water?
How can I tell if a diamond is real?
Where are some places I can go dancing in Nashville Tennessee?
how do i get skunk smell out of clothes?
Can you tell me how to play the game World of Warcraft?
I have a lot of leaves in my yard that have fallen off of the trees. What should I do with them?
Which bands are similar to Cage the Elephant?
How long does it take to defrost a turkey?
Can you give me some information about the passover holiday?
My son is interested in playing an instrument. He is particularly interested in the brass section. Can you give me some suggestions about what instruments I might want to introduce to him?
How do jewellers rate diamonds?
What are the best things to plant in a garden?
How do you become an ordained minister?
What are some places to visit in Nashville?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pholourie?
I am writing about what are the causes of the most fatalities in the USA. Can you tell me what the leading cause of death is in the USA?
What can I see in Phoenix?
Can you tell me how they evaluate the value of a diamond for jewelry?
How do I keep pipes from freezing in the winter?
how can i sleep better at night?
Should I dress any particular way when I sleep, or perhaps sleep naked? Does it matter?
My hair is starting to get thinner. Is there any way to slow this down so I don't go bald?
What is the most dangerous country in Europe in terms of murder rates.
What are fun ideas for a mermaid party?
What are some strategies that I can use for solving a jigsaw puzzle?
I am trying to organize a yard sale for the neighborhood. What things do I need to do to ensure a successful sale for everyone?
If I have a cut that is slightly green, what should I do?
Can you advice me on how to be civil when discussing politics with others?
How did stars, become stars?
Who is Robin Williams?
What are the best shoes to go hiking in?
Find Anna Faris movies
I want to make a carrot cake but vegan style. So what things should I avoid putting into it if I want to make it vegan?
How do I learn to enunciate better? I seem to mumble a lot.
Who is the current FIFA president?
How do I stay calm when under pressure?
What country produces the most coffee?
Can you tell me of electronics I should take with me when traveling? Definitely a cell phone
How should I store medicine safely?
If you like to drink alcohol on a regular basis, which is healthier usually, beer, or wine?
What are some must haves for a thanksgiving dinner?
Is rugby hard to learn?
Why is the sky blue?
What are some things I should know about fostering a pet?
My girlfriend is coming over for dinner tonight and I don't have anything prepared for her to eat. Can you give me some last minute meal ideas that I can make quickly and easily. My kitchen is just about empty as well so it needs to be something pretty simple.
I'm visiting France and need to learn some of the language.
The weather outside is getting colder but I'd still like to take my boyfriend on a nice date. Are their any outdoor spaces that offer fun activities and are somewhat protected from the cold?
How come the youngest of the family often comes out spoiled?
How can I hunt for ghosts?
What are things to see in Patagonia, AZ?
How do you make a makeshift sling for a broken arm in an emergency?
Do you know of anything I can do to make firefox run faster?
Why does coffee usually give me heartburn?
I'm going on a road trip. What is the best way to read a paper map?
How can I stop acid reflux?
What's a good keyboard for office work that costs under $40 and has buttons for playing music and other keys that can be bound to certain commands?
Can you tell me the steps to write an if/then statement in C programming language?
What are some soft foods I can start baby off eating for baby led weaning?
I wonder if I should get homeowners insurance. Would you happen to know which weather events or situations are reasons to acquire home owners insurance?
Can you give me some advice for getting over a break up?
I'm trying to learn how to invest with greater and more profitable returns and step away from banking
What are hot dogs made out of?
How can I improve the gas mileage in my car?
I plan to make meatballs to eat with spaghetti. Do you have a good recipe?
What can I do to improve my credit score?
What is a deviated septum?
Can you explain what all the different types of gas at gas stations are?
How do I keep my white shoes clean?
What is Watergate scandal?
Hi, my uncle invited me to go hunting with him. I got a brand new .30-06 rifle, with a scope mounted on it, but he tells me I need to zero it for it to shoot accurately. Can you tell me how to zero a rifle scope?
Can you tell me about bee safety?
I'm trying to write a computer program to visualize the performance of various machine learning models that I've trained. I have several datasets, and each dataset has several data points. I also have several models, which I am evaluating on these datasets. The performance of each model is evaluated on each data point of each dataset. This means I have an number or entry for every model+dataset pair.
What does a park ranger do?
How do you play roulette?
What's the best way to record your mistakes so you don't repeat them again?
Is the government going to disburse any more economic stimulus checks?
How do I increase my tolerance to spicy foods?
I want to know what nutrients are in carrots. Can you help me?
This holiday season I really want to do my part to help those in need. Can you suggest some things I might be able to do?
How do you schedule a restart in Windows 10?
What is the best way to decorate a coffee mug?
How do I tell my kids that my husband and I are getting a divorce?
What are some good comedy movies?
Can a person who smokes their whole life still live to be in the 80s?
How do I build a go kart?
Which musician is Beyonce married to?
How is seawater different than fresh water?
What is misdemeanor?
how do i make my own kite?
I need to make about 2 dozen peanut butter cookies, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
How do I fix a running toilet?
How can I improve my dating profile?
I'm trying to find out more about Caitlyn Jenner, a famous transgender .
What is an associate degree?
What are some fun coding toys for kids?
Where does Jambalaya originate?
How can I treat calluses on my feet?
I have a migraine, is there anything I can do to treat it?
How does my child practice for a spelling bee?
Does cheese need to age before it tastes good?
I want to know what was Mao Zedong famous for.
what can i buy for a girl who loves my little pony?
What is a hiatal hernia?
What kind of exhibits does the Smithsonian Museum have?
I want to learn about electricity. Where is a good place to start instead of enrolling in an electrician training program?
How do I know if you're honest with me?
Are men and women really different when it comes to emotions?
how do i gain better impulse control?
How do I make fried Mexican sushi?
what is the age of Marriage consent in Vermont
What are the laws that protect ranchers grazing rights in agriculturally zoned areas in the US?
How far away can the best hearing device pick up audio from?
What are some good ideas for stocking stuffer gifts?
What are the pros and cons of lithium batteries? I hear, for example, lithium typically degrades erratically.
What kind of paint should I use to paint the interior of a home?
I want to buy a sports car. Which ones are the best?
Is it true that if you lose any of your hearing, you can't get it back?
What is the process for getting a tattoo?
What are some of the best Pixar movies?
How do you relieve congestion in a baby?
How can I keep rats away from my home
There are a lot of Christmas songs to choose for nowadays. What Christmas song is the best of all time?
Can you tell me about wild dogs? Not stray dogs, but wild dogs.
I want to harvest coffee beans to make my own coffee.
How can I become a crime scene investigator?
What is the Indy 500?
Hi, I'm in the mood for some cinnamon toast. Can you give me a recipe for making it?
If I get super glue on clothing, is there any way to remove it?
What is menopause?
I want to go to Sedona. Do you have any information about the place?
Should I buy a Chromebook or a Windows computer?
How do you change a man's organ to a woman?
What are some ideas for a pool party?
Hey, I'm wondering how to find free mental health resources? I'd really like to enroll in therapy but it's not in the budget and I don't know where to start
Please tell me about the former US President Bill Clinton.
What kinds of health risks do I face trying to get pregnant at 37?
Are there any good ways to kill or repel house flies?
How do I butcher a chicken?
can you help me find the best classic rock songs for a mix tape?
How do yo select and delete multiple files in a folder in Win 10?
What does 5g mean?
I have a one-day layover in Hong Kong. Is there anything worth seeing in the city?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Uruguayan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pamplona?
Hi, I'd like to start investing in bonds. Can you explain what bonds are to me, how they work, and give me some investing tips?
Why do people not eat pig meat, but cow meat is okay?
I'm going to Poland. Can you help me with the language?
Where is the John Wayne airport?
Do you have any advice on how to care for a kitten who lost its mother?
Do blind people lose track of day and night cycles?
I want to get family photos taken, does Sears still do that?
At what age do kids need to learn to use utensils?
How do I pack things when preparing to move?
I need help waking up early. Do you have any advice!
I'm having problems with my mental health. What are some tips to help better my mental health?
On average, I wonder how many people in the United States, believe in a supreme being? Or on average, how much of the general population is atheist?
What is the best app for listening to music?
How do you become a contestant on a game show?
How do pandemics usually start? Are most of them caused by animals?
How can I prevent spam calls?
what are some good kinds of minivans?
My older brother keeps telling people his favourite number is 69
I'm trying to learn more about brown bears in the United States, can you provide me some information on them?
Which bands are similar to the Steve Miller Band?
Can eating too much fish be bad for you?
My son (who is eight) is having a very hard time dealing with the death of his grandfather (my partner's father). The death was somewhat sudden and it's his first experience dealing with something like this (besides losing a pet once). He is confused, doesn't understand why he won't see Grandpa again, and I don't know what to say about it or how much I should say.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Pinolillo?
what do you think is going to be the next big thing
Can you recommend me a lyrical rapper like Eminem? That's to say a rapper who focuses more on the intricacy of lyrics than musicality.
Can you explain to me what causes inflation? I read that its usually because the government prints too much money.
How do you change the duration of inactivity before a monitor turn off in Windows 10?
Which game includes the following phrase "Do not pass go, do not collect $200”?
I have a bad cold at the moment and wanted to get some advice on how to feel a bit better
What do you know about generational trauma, and do you believe it exists?
How do I get a needle out of my foot?
I want to make cotton candy. Do I need a special machine?
How do I know if I have bad knees?
What are relational databases?
How do I put together a good resume and cover letter?
How do I return an item to Amazon that I got delivered?
How do I start a new gold collection?
What are some ideas for a pool party?
Can you suggest games based on story telling?
Can domesticated cats breed with any type of wild cat?
How do I learn to be good at making small talk?
How do you cope with chronic pain?
What is a living will?
How do you use the self-clean feature on an oven?
I just got a new dog. What are some games to play with it?
Can you describe the character Fox Mulder from the X Files?
I want to get family photos taken, does Sears still do that?
I want to learn more about the Bay Barnacle. Do you know if they are native to Europe?
I want to know the history of Google Corporation. It has grown tremendously since it went public.
What was the big scare behind Y2k?
What is a spiritual channeler? Who are the talking for?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chimol?
find a good nursing home for my mother
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Syrniki?
What are some teas that are beneficial to health?
Help me find Vin Diesel movies.
Can you give me advice on overcoming self-doubt?
How much gas does a 747 jet airliner use to take off?
When did Prince's hit song Purple Rain release?
My local grocery store is selling some discounted burritos that have a "use by" date of last week. Are these items safe to eat?
Can you tell me the best method to whiten my teeth without getting it done by a professional?
I'm trying to decide what to do for my birthday in my area
What are the common causes of overcooked rice?
Can you remind me in a month that I have a dentist appointment?
What educational benefits do vets receive?
How can I prevent spam calls?
How do I get over a lost pet?
Is burning candles dangerous if left unattended?
What is a Cold War?
What should you do if you think the kids have lice?
Can you recommend a good inexpensive table wine to serve with turkey?
How do you draw a flower?
I have a blind date at a coffee shop and I'm very nervous.
What are things I can do in a tide pool?
Can you help me explain to my daughter about the Moon and its cycles?
Can you tell me how the Titanic sank?
Where do I start to potty train my child?
What material is best for kitchen counters?
I'm looking to get a new PC monitor, can you give me some recommendations?
How can I get a cheaper car insurance rate?
what are some fun toys for a 14 year old?
I'm planning my Christmas dinner and I need ideas for the tablescape.
What are some main differences between life in Japan and life in America?
What are some of the ingredients in Tortilla Soup?
What are some classes that are generally offered at community centers for kids?
Do you think you can recommend some jazz music for me?
How far out do seagulls get from land?
What numbers should I use to call the operator on the phone?
I like to keep track of the full moons and half moons. Is there an app for forecasting moon cycles?
Could you give me some information on the origin story of the legend of Bloody Mary?
Do you feel that there's a God in existence, and omnipotent one, that oversees all?
Can turtles climb out of their shells?
how do i know when water is boiling?
What are some good snack ideas for a toddler?
Any ideas for insomnia?
What are some ideas to decorate a pumpkin for toddlers?
Are there any restrictions on Greyhound bus travel due to COVID-19?
Hi, I'd like to sell my old vinyl records on eBay. How do I do that?
Why has college tuition gotten so expense in the last few decades?
Do you think you can help me with some questions about taking care of a stray cat?
What fighting styles are good for self defense?
How far away can the best binoculars see away from?
Hi, I just got some sweetbreads from the butcher, but I don't know how to prepare them. Can you give me a good recipe for sweetbreads?
How do I learn to improvise for jazz music on the piano?
Does an automatic car wash get your car clean?
I'm trying to learn more about Natalie Wood. I saw her movie, the West Side Story last weekend. I enjoyed it very much.
How do people get athletic scholarships?
How do I make a breakfast burrito?
I have some silver jewelry that I need to clean but am unsure how. Can you help me to learn some easy ways that I could clean this jewelry?
Can you give me some ideas for recipes for Valentines Day?
Can you give me a list of fruit that you can only get in the summer?
Are there any cats that are less likely to cause me allergies?
I'm curious about football heroes. What are some of the top football stars in American football?
Are there laptops that won't go bad in jungles?
What are some good ways to improve your sketching skills?
What are some dried herbs that you might find in a pantry ?
Was Nixon impeached?
Why are there so many different kinds of USB plugs?
What can you tell me about how Buddhist monks live?
How many planets are in our solar system?
I think I might get a Shih-Tzu
How do I gain confidence when asking someone out?
How do you get rid of a cold faster?
How do I know if I have skin cancer?
When was the Internal Revenue Service invented?
Computers are everywhere these days. Where did they all begin? What was the first computer?
I need to train for a long distance marathon. Can you give me any pointers?
Can you help me learn to delete my Myspace account? I don'
I want to start investing in cryptocurrency. What crypto should I invest in?
How can I keep my kids from cracking their ipad?
what are some cool birds I can spot in the jungle?
When prisoners on death row get the lethal injection, do they feel any pain? I have heard conflicting opinions about this.
What are good toys for a two year old?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kavala?
Can you help me calculate my loan payments on a new car?
I plan to visit Disney World in Florida. Which one is the nearest airport?
Do I have COVID?
How do I get faster at reading musical notes?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore
I'm trying to eat a healthier diet and I'm wondering what types of foods I should avoid generally.
Hi, how does a touch screen phone work?
What are the dangers of cycling on roads in extremely foggy conditions?
Where is Malaysia?
What are the best things I can do to protect my data? is an anti virus software enough?
Please tell me about Jupiter planet.
Is it possible to drive from continental United States to Alaska?
what are good ways to freshen the house?
How do I wash my smartphone without damaging it?
How do I grow my relationship with my adult daughter?
I'm taking a trip to Paris and want to see the popular landmarks and attractions. What are they?
Can you feel pain?
What are the pros and cons of epidural during child birth?
How do I get to Allentown PA from NYC?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cosa de Horno?
Which items should I keep in a first aid kit?
How many Terminator movies are there?
How do I put out a kitchen fire?
I am going to Singapore on business. Can you tell me what you know about Singapore?
What are the main differences between the Android OS 11 and 12?
How do I make stuffed pizza?
How can I remove tape from a wall without yanking paint off?
Should I use Skype or Zoom for making video calls?
what are some good day trips from san francisco?
I want to quit smoking. What are some methods I can use?
What is the friendliest dog breed
How do you keep sweat from getting into your eyes during workout?
How should I go about finding and preparing firewood for use in the winter?
How can I merge on the highway without stopping?
What can I buy for a present for a kid who loves mermaids?
what is the largest turkey ever recorded
When do holiday hours start at malls?
How do I learn to put on blush and not look like a clown?
What are pros and cons of a child being a vegetarian?
Can you walk me through a recipe for making apple pie?
What are some Indian curries I can make?
My boyfriend has requested chowder for dinner. What is a chowder-type soup?
Hi, I'm thinking about changing my lifestyle, and going to live on a canal boat. Would you recommend it?
When was the first Disney World park established?
How did the big bang come from nothing?
What do you think of the Terminator films?
How long is a mayor's term in office?
What are some strategies for solving a crossword puzzle?
What are some ways of fishing without a fishing pole?
I'm thinking about having a child with my partner, is it a good idea?
What are some nice dark beers that are affordable?
What kind of motorcycle should I buy?
What is the proper way to do a handshake?
how can i get my kids to appreciate music?
What are some raviolis I can make?
The tale of Isis and Osiris has been around for many millennia. What is the basic story of the two gods?
How long has Dateline NBC been around?
Can you help me to learn a bit more about the poet Lord Byron?
How do I stop eyeliner from smudging?
How do I raise a tree frog?
I'm trying to make waffles using a waffle machine. I lost the recipe that came with the manual. Can you help me?
How do I plait a horse's tail?
How can I exercise with a broken foot?
I'm interested in true crime stories, can you give me some information on the Amazon Review Killer?
I want to make flour tortillas. Do I need a special appliance?
I'm trying to find a drag show near me
Find Shailene Woodley movies
Why Cancun in Mexico is so popular with American tourists?
How do I teach a child to shower themselves?
Can you help me find information on the role playing game Pathfinder?
How is an IPA beer different than an APA beer?
How are LEDs made?
Garden snails seem to be intelligent. What is their intelligence level?
I have trouble sleeping because of restless leg syndrome. Can you help me understand it a little better?
I'd like to try out some MMO game, the only one I ever played is WOW. Do you have any suggestions?
I'm going to be attempting to catch carp on my next fishing trip. Can you provide me any advice on catching them?
I'd like to move to a city with a lot of older adult singles. I'm in my 30s and still unmarried. What cities would you recommend?
what are some shows i might like if i like oprah?
What are some suggestions on how to break the ice in a conversation?
Do they still make record players?
What is a hernia?
Can you recommend some Christmas music?
I have a hard time ever feeling like I've disappointed someone. Because of this, I agree to almost anything someone asks of me—to go somewhere I really am not interested in, to help out with something I don't have time for, to loan money when I can't afford it, that sort of thing. How do I say "no" without feeling terrible about doing so?
What's the best way to teach English to someone who doesn't know the language?
How do I make an easy Thai curry?
Would you recommend to me a show that is similar to The Office?
How do you make Potatoes au Gratin?
I need to get vaccinated for the flu this year but I'm not sure where to do that. Can you tell me the closest place that I can get the vaccination?
I'm looking for a warm place to travel! Where would you recommend?
Can you help me explain to my daughter about the Moon and its cycles?
What is dialysis?
What is a good christmas gift for someone wanting to get into a new hobby?
How do I make chocolate chip cookies?
How can I make a room look bigger?
I have to study for an English Literature exam, can you help me prepare?
What are some fun things to do in Las Vegas?
I enjoy listening to country music on rare occasion, usually when I'm doing physical work. Do you have any song suggestions?
How long in advance would I need to make reservations if I want to travel by Amtrak the day before Thanksgiving?
How should I prepare my succulents for the winter in Canada?
Where is Asus based out of?
I want to learn French. How do you think I should go about it?
What is a concealed carry permit?
how do i pluck my eyebrows without hurting?
How can I make a rope basket?
At what age do men stop growing?
Get a corn pudding recipe
Does piyo help you lose weight?
What does beyond a reasonable doubt mean?
Where did the idea for a 5 day work week come from?
How can I get rid of wrinkles on my face?
I want to share a good bible verse for the wedding. Do you have any recommendations?
I'm learning about inherited traits versus learned characteristics in dogs. Can you tell me the difference between the two concepts?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cordero patagónico al asador?
What was George Harrison's first album?
I want to find a new book to read.
How do I make tempura vegetables?
When was the Veterans Day first celebrated?
Which desert is the largest in the world?
How can I stop my dog from eating poop?
I like hot dogs sometimes, but they don't seem healthy. Do doctors recommend eating hot dogs?
What does it mean when a flag is at half-mast?
I am trying to find out where I can get a Welsh Corgi in Orlando
I want to know in what year the Corvette was introduced.
What is the best way to social distance?
How do you cool off your mouth after eating something very spicy?
I want to breed my dog and sell the puppies.
What is the cloud of icy objects surrounding our solar system call?
Can you remind me how a bill gets passed? It starts in the House of Representatives, right?
What are some things to do on a cruise?
Can you describe things about the respiratory system in humans
Does music help when you are stressed?
Can you help me figure out how to tell a client that I have helped them as much as I can and they have to figure out the rest on their own?
What are places to visit in Hong Kong?
Can you write my grandma a birthday poem?
How do you set up a tent?
What are some tools I can use to sketch on an ipad?
How do I help my child who is being bullied in school?
Can you find a surfboard that is designed for beginners?
What is the best cell phone service provider?
How can I get my clothes to come out of the wash smelling and looking super clean?
How do I make a homemade milkshake?
Can you tell me how to cook rice in a rice cooker?
I often get cramps during my period. Is this normal?
What are the different formulas for calculating a tip?
A friend of mine is considering getting a perm. I'm unsure long-term that's a good choice. How does chemically treating your hair to have a permanent wave, impact its long-term health?
Can you tell me the history of Aboriginal Australians?
How do you start organizing a messy apartment?
Did cotton exist in medeval Europe?
What date was ozzy osbourne born
what are some clear soups i can make?
I'm moving and want to hold a yard sale to get rid of old belongings. How would I go about that?
Would you be able to explain the differences between the Spanish and Italian language?
Could you provide me some information about the Lord of the Rings series?
There have been some car break-ins around my neighborhood lately. How can I keep my vehicle safe?
Can you help my dad find low sugar foods?
Hi, my laptop monitor and keyboard are filthy. How can I clean them without harming the computer?
How do I teach a child their ABCs?
find a game that has a open environment where you can roam the world
How do I make bread in the bread maker?
What is Christine in the book & movie by Stephen King.
How do you treat slightly frostbitten hands?
Can you explain a bit about how Chinese characters mean different things?
Find a recipe for beef pot pie
what was the largest moose ever recorded
What is a good seasoning for a whole turkey?
How do I make prunes?
What place can I visit in Medellin?
Hello, I am trying to find out where the singer Taylor Swift grew up
How do I make my hair look more shiny and healthy?
These days, many times, people like to animate videos of TED talks, or speeches. Why is animating speeches such a popular theme these days?
I'm hosting a Superbowl party this weekend and I wanted to get some good food for it. What do people enjoy eating at a Superbowl party?
Tell me a dad joke
I need to buy a new daily planner for next year. Can you recommend a good one?
How can I learn to keep a secret?
I'm going to visit Chicago later this month. What should I know about the city?
Have you heard of Golden Gate Bridge?
What happens when you lose something?
What kinds of foods did they eat in Ancient China
Who is Angelina Jolie? Why is she so famous?
Can you tell me how prisoners get so muscular while in prison? How do they get enough protein from a prison cafeteria diet?
What are some must have baking tools?
What are the best movies directed by Sergio Leone?
What are some things to do with lemon?
Who is Rob Thomas?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
I want to make vegetable fried rice. I have leftover rice, broccoli and carrots. Can you help me?
I am trying to incorporate more fruits and vegetables into my life. Do you have any advice?
I'm thinking about visiting Salem, Massachusetts. I am fascinated with the history of the Salem Witch Trials. What can you tell me about them?
What can you see in Bali, Indonesia?
How can I extract oil from a coconut?
Can you give me some advice on how to be a good interviewer?
What are some good electronic music artists?
Is New York safe to visit? Crimes have gone up in the city according to the media.
I'm trying to make my text more clear. Clear like Hemingway would write it. Let me show you an example of what I mean: Before: The cat was chased by the dog. It had no significant idea of th origin of the dog's motivation to hunt it. The cat also thought of itself as innocent. After: The dog chased the cat. The cat, who found itself innocent, didn't know why the dog chased it. Before: It's kind of interesting how computers are stuck in the old hum hum drum drum of the past. Most text editors are still like typewriters, or, at best, those electrical typewriters from the 80ies where you had almost like a throne for writing, drafing on a screen and then printing.
What are some places I should visit in Missouri?
What is the best time of the year to plant Sun Flowers in my garden?
How do I bake banana bread from scratch?
How can I make my dog stop barking when it hears a car outside?
Find Demi Moore movies
How do you make homemade soap bar?
How can I help someone with Down Syndrome to achieve independence?
How do you test continuity on a wire?
Who invented the computer?
Do Federal Police have jurisdictioneverywhere?
What are the differences between jpg and png images?
What are signs and symptoms that someone is a narcissist?
Hi, assistant
How do you define mental health?
I want to learn about the history of Apple Inc. Can you tell me about it?
How does water therapy work?
What animal would be the dominate life form on Earth if humans weren't here?
How do I put a baby to sleep who is agitated but just won't fall asleep?
Hi, I'd like to sell my old vinyl records on eBay. How do I do that?
Would a winemaker be a fun career?
What are some of the best war movies of all time?
How do I get less grossed out by blood?
What are some low impact workouts?
Can you recommend a recipe for a birthday cake?
How do I buy a domain name?
How do you purchase a product in a store using Bitcoin, if they accept it?
How can I break up with someone peacefully?
Can you give me some advice about reducing an allergic reaction to house dust mite?
What is the difference between an IPA and a lager?
How do you stay on task at work?
If I want to earn the most amount of interest, where should I put my money? A bank, credit union, or somewhere else?
Can you help me make a batch of chocolate chip pancakes?
What's the best way to teach English to someone who doesn't know the language?
Can cats see in full darkness?
Who started the first world war?
I'm preparing a holiday dinner and need a unique recipe. I was given the vegetable category to bring to the dinner. Any suggestions?
What is Indeed?
What advice do you have for going on a blind date?
What are the first things I should do after starting a new job?
How do you make maraconi and cheese?
I'm trying to teach my son how to ride a 2 wheel bike.
I'm trying to find out who the composer Beethoven is. Can you help?
How can I help my daughter adjust to college life?
What is Swagbucks?
Can you tell me how the country of Iran was formed in modern history?
What are some fun collaborative art projects for kids?
I've been hearing a lot about "meal prep." Can you tell me what that is?
What are the steps needed to sync my phone to my car's display?
Can you help me learn how to bake a strawberry short cake?
Give me some example of irony
I want to know the order of the planets in the solar system, starting with the planet nearest the sun.
What is the best lock for your front door?
How often should I wash my hair?
Is gold dredging legal in California
Hi, I'd like to do bench dips for my triceps. Can you explain how to perform them?
How do I make fried chicken?
Where can I find a kmart \
How can I make my own guacamole at home?
Do you have a quick recipe for home made mash potatoes?
What is the best way to prioritize my tasks for work?
What are some good snacks for a child to take to school for a class party?
What are tips for long lasting marriages?
Can you tell me why my plant is dying?
How does venture capital differ from business loans?
Why do some people handle cold weather better than other people?
I have a bit of a buzzing or rattling noise that come from the inside of my car's dash when I do not have the accelerator pedal engaged. It is typically when the automatic transmission is in a lower gear 1-3.......and it comes and goes. Any ideas on the cause? This is a tough one.
Wearing cotton makes me curious, how is it harvested?
How do I mount a tv on my wall?
What is a good way to stop rats from living in my metal storage shed?
Stevie van Zandt, is more known as an actor to me, than a musician. I'm curious about his career, any high points you might know about?
How do they raise chicken so cheap that they are less than a dollar a pound butchered?
What is a good way to learn how to speak Spanish?
What does holistic medicine mean?
How do i bargain at a flea market?
Can you explain how sonar works?
Is it good to use training wheels on a bicycle for a kid or should you just teach them to ride a bike right away?
Is it better to eat free range chicken?
How does Catholic Charities help people?
What's the most used wood, for building modern furniture? Oak seems popular.
How do I enjoy pumpkin seeds?
I am going for an interview tomorrow. I am very nervous as I want the job. What is the best way for me to stand out?
Where are the screenshots store in Win 10?
Please list out some steps that I would need to take in order to become a real estate agent.
I have a lot of credit card debt that I would like to pay off. Can you help me to put together some type of plan that would efficiently allow me to pay this debt off?
How can I find out what types of airbags my vehicle has?
What is a good age for a child to start using a trampoline?
I've heard a lot about cell phones causing cancer or brain tumors with their signals. Is there any scientific evidence for this?
How do you keep the inside of a car from getting too hot in the summer?
How do you win playing Monopoly?
What is a good alternative to a burger side besides fries?
Before taking on a leadership position at work, I would like to know the cons. I already knows the pros. So I want to know what are the cons of being a leader at work?
what are some cool ocean activities?
What does historical district mean?
I need to apply for new jobs. What are some of the things I can do to stand out?
What is veterans day?
Should people eat 3 meals a day? Is that the healthiest way to eat?
I'm trying to make pesto. Do you have a good recipe?
I heard chinchillas make interesting pets. Is this true?
Can you tell me which states in the US are the most affordable?
How do I install solar panels on my roof?
Do you have a lucky number?
How can I stop racoons from getting into my garbage cans at night?
I'm trying to explain how optical illusions work to my young son, and I realized I'm not sure how optical illusions work either. Why are our eyes capable of being tricked by things like optical illusions, such as mirages?
Can you give me a general guide for writing computer programs with Java?
How many light years away is the closest star?
What types of foods were popular during the 1950s
I want to get a motorcycle. What should I know?
What is John 14:6?
how do i get over fear of rejection?
I am in the mood for Chinese food, but takeout is too expensive. What are some Chinese-inspired meals I can make at home?
What does aerobic training do for you?
Can you help me define what misanthropy is?
I'm looking for another TV show to watch. My favorite is Dawson's Creek. Do you have any recommendations?
How do I get better at using Spanish grammar?
how do i soothe a sore throat?
What does grief feel like?
Hi, my little brother wants to play tic-tac-toe with me. Can you explain how the game is played?
Can you tell me the path to becoming a professional chef?
What is the FBI?
My girlfriend wants to be able to keep her tan looking good through the winter months. How can she go about doing that?
Can you help me make a sheet pan dinner?
What are some of the funniest movies of all time?
I want to make fudge for holiday gifts, can you help me?
How do I have a casual conversation with my boss?
How can I boost my immune system?
Which video game company developed the game Xcom 2?
During which historical or societal events should I absolutely avoid investing money.
How do I get over a fear of elevators?
I have noticed that a new neighbor has renovated a home down the street. One of the first thing she did was paint her front door red. Is there any hidden meaning to this?
How does home insurance work?
I need to learn some weather words in Polish.
Can you tell me what's up with the conflict between China and Taiwan? I don't really know anything about it other than they have serious problems.
What is the paso doble?
What are some tips on saving money?
What should I do when escaping a fire in a house?
How do I tone my butt?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Colchón de arvejas?
I'm tired of making the same few meals for dinner each night. How can I add variety to my meal plans?
how do i learn to eat spicy foods
What is Google Play?
What are some snacks to serve at a birthday party?
What can you tell me about Belize?
Why didn't George Bush go to war with Iraq
What does digital footprint mean?
I'd like to do service work, but I'm unsure what group to work with. Any suggestions?
How can I donate blood if I never did it before?
How can I clarify butter?
I'm going away to college and doing my own laundry for the first time. Where do I begin?
Should you buy a 4x4 vehicle for the winter?
What do I do for hemorrhoids?
How do I layer clothing for fashion?
Today, I am craving a caesar salad! Would you be able to provide with me a recipe for anchovy vinaigrette, or a general idea of how to make the vinaigrette?
What are some good side dishes for steak?
What is the best kind of coating to protect a chalk drawing I made?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
Hi, I'd like to teach my dog to shake hands. Any tips for how I could train him to do that?
How do I cook prawns?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Swordfish a la Siciliana?
Is it true we can live with only one kidney?
How can I cook a fish while I'm out camping?
Hi, I really want to learn the key to financial freedom, but unfortunately lack financial freedom. Could you help me?
If I cancel a plane reservation on United Airlines within 24 hours, can I get a full refund?
How can my uncle get his glucose more stable?
I would like to describe some natural elements in French. Can you help?
What ingredients do I need to make a margherita pizza?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of the Beatles. Can you help me assemble a playlist of their best and most popular songs?
How do people make money on Tiktok?
Can you help me figure out how to transfer files from one phone to another?
Whats a good road bike recommendations for a beginner?
How do I say "airport" in French?
Search for a plum crisp recipe
I love having a variety of hair ties. How are hair ties made?
Can you tell me what you use to thicken a raspberry pie?
Is a space heater safe?
Should I start my child off on piano or keyboard?
Is a Rottweiler a good pet?
I have a camping trip coming up and am very worried about getting poison ivy. Can you list me the defining characteristics of this plant?
I moved in to a new place that has an old grill that is a bit dirty. What are some ways I can clean this?
Why are small dogs always barking and mean?
What is mono?
What are some foods that will help alleviate heartburn?
who was the sixth president
Can you give me some cocktail ideas that use apple cider?
Kayaking always seem to be such an invigorating sport. How injury-prone, is the sport?
How can I feel less tired in the day?
What Crypto currencies are expected to go up in value.?
Reba McEntire has a great voice. Wonder what a few of her songs, which were popular?
Can you help me find a dog breed that's child friendly?
Why do people's farts stink?
What are some snacks 8 month olds can enjoy?
Search for best ac/dc songs.
What is the temperature like on the surface of the Moon?
How do I make my kids grow up bilingual?
Can you provide me steps on how to make my own candles?
How do you restart a computer?
I have a headache and really feel bad. What are some good home cures for this?
I'm bringing my new boyfriend home to meet my parents for the first time. How can I ensure the introduction goes smoothly?
How long do sea turtles live for?
what places should i visit in washington dc?
Can you tell me how much I'd save taking the bus versus driving to work?
Do you need a special license to drive an RV?
I'm having troubles dealing with an aggressive neighbor. Could you give me some ideas on how to diffuse the situation when they get angry?
Should you plant a lilac bush in shade, full sun, or partial shade?
Are anti gun laws good?
What is the Fermi paradox?
George Gershwin seem to be quite prolific. What are his most popular productions?
What can i do with leftover ham?
What are some good places to visit in Sonora, Mexico?
How do the authority monitor people who are under house arrest?
How does car financing work?
Does slavery still exist in the modern world anywhere?
I'm trying to find Venus in the sky, which direction should I look?
How do I make popcorn without a microwave?
where are Russet potatoes grown in the US?
What are some things that people pass down as family heirloom? Put the answer in list format please.
Why can't I get any TV channels with my antennae anymore?
My significant other recently moved across the country for work. He won't be back for at least another year. Do you have any advice on how to have a successful long-distance relationship?
What is ratatouille?
Who was the first documented serial killer in the united states?
If I cancel a plane reservation on United Airlines within 24 hours, can I get a full refund?
When was Penicillin discovered ?
How do we know that the north pole is really north, and the south pole is really south?
what is the cheapest time of year to get airplane tickets to asia?
How much does a pool filter cost for an inground pool?
Who is Nat King Cole?
what is the worlds record for the long jump
what are some fun sandwiches i can make for kids?
What kind of suggestions do you have for things to do on a first date?
what kind of smoke detector should i install?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukraninian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Vareniki?
I'm a professional wrestler. Explain molecules to me.
What kinds of milk options are dairy free?
How can you learn to be polite
Who was Phar Lap?
What are some good Pixar films?
What is the most reliable car on the market right now?
How can I send a letter to the president of the US
How much does a good mountain bike cost?
What are the different oceans in the world?
How does home insurance work?
Can you tell me what coverage for my items are given if I get insurance on mail through the USPS?
What is the main difference between regular cotton and Egyptian cotton?
I want to take a trip to visit my family overseas. How do I purchase a plane ticket?
Can someone recover from a tramautic brain injury?
Does Mariah Carey do any songs about Christmas songs?
HI, I'm in the mood for Irish coffee. Can you give me a recipe for making it?
v
How do I get screened for cancer?
Search for Melissa McCarthy movies
My son wants to dress up as a superhero for Halloween. Do you have any suggestions?
how often should i pray? I'm Christian.
I want to mail a Christmas gift to my son in Seattle. When do I have to get it in the mail for it to arrive on time?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
What are the benefits of zinc supplements?
I have a lot of credit card debt that I would like to pay off. Can you help me to put together some type of plan that would efficiently allow me to pay this debt off?
What are some good artists from the 1920s?
I need a recipe for pancakes.
What is the best way to fold a fitted sheet for my bed?
I'm learning about irony and want to know about the three types of irony.
What is media mail through the USPS?
I've been having some mild acne lately. What should I do?
How do I get better at talking to people I don't know? I don't have great social skills.
Is it better to work remotely or in person?
What are good board games to play as a family?
How do I keep dust off my entertainment center?
Should I get a buffet or a la carte?
At what age can a baby grasp items?
I'm trying to get inspired to workout and I want to put together a workout playlist. Do you have any suggestions?
If I like watching the Olympics what other events might I like?
Should you use a cash back credit card?
I feel like watching some show on Netflix. I'm thinking something with action. Can you give some recommendations?
christmas is coming around what should i get my family
How did Houdini die?
How can I make home made chicken noodle soup?
Do you know who the first superhero was?
Will earth run out of water at some point in time? How so?
Can sitting down for too long do harm to my back? I am on the computer for 8-10 hours a day and am worried about the long term consequences.
Do you know any tips and tricks for solving crossword puzzles?
How many times Hillary Clinton run for president?
What is the process of getting a Covid rapid test?
Is fluoride a necessarily ingredient to toothpaste? Why or why not?
Do you have any recommendations for good WordPress page builder plugins?
I'm trying to learn more about the Megadeth album Rust in Peace.
I'm going camping. Can wait for s'mores
My friend is pregnant with twins and is having a baby shower. What would be a good gift idea?
What is hominy
Do you know how I can install a new kitchen backsplash?
Could you give me some tips for teaching my dog how to fetch?
Why is the Iraq War considered a failed war?
Why can't we have laws against public servants lying about policy?
How do I make an iced cappuccino?
What is the reason to celebrate Christmas?
Hi, I'd like to learn to play tennis. Can you explain the game to me?
Should I move to San francisco?
What does FARC mean?
Hi, my girlfriend complains that I never buy her flowers, and I'd like to get her some that will really impress her. Can you give me some tips about what kind, and arrangement, I should buy?
How do I jump start a car?
Can you tell me what are some soft foods that can help relieve toothaches?
I like both milk and dark chocolate, although I hear dark chocolate is better for you. Do you know much about this?
What country is the safest to live in with a family?
find a recipe for sweet potato pie that takes less than one hour.
Sometimes it feels like my heart skips a beat. Is anything wrong?
I'm getting into cycling as an adult and I'm wondering if I need to put a rearview mirror on my bike handlebars.
What are some fun activities for kids who love puzzles?
How do shoe insoles help you?
I'm learning about eggs. Can you explain to me the differences between organic versus pasture fed eggs?
How do I stay calm when under pressure?
What are some fun animals my toddler might enjoy learning about?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mantou?
Is HVAC a good career?
I make a comfortable living and don't really have money troubles, but I still would like to have better control of my finances. I seem to go through money pretty quickly and despite wanting to, I can't get into the habit of regularly putting money away for a rainy day. I am terrible at saving, but great at spending!
How do people get their news these days?
Can you recommend me some books like the Culture series?
What is misdemeanor?
What can we see at Time Square, New York?
Can you tell me the process of painting my home if I have a HOA?
I want to put together a gift basket for a friend that's going through a stressful time. Do you have any suggestions?
What is Stevie Wonder famous for?
Should a landlord give notice when entering to make a repair?
I want to know which Williams sister has won more Grand Slam titles.
My friend's grandpa has Alzheimer's does that get worse?
What state in the USA has the lowest costs of living?
is trump going to jail
What does a catalytic converter do
I am looking for a recipe for scalloped potatoes
What do I tell parents of people who bully my child?
I've only played video games using a controller. How much more difficult is it to play on a PC using a mouse and keyboard? is there a big learning curve?
What type of martial arts are taught in China.
how do i encourage kids to be altruistic?
How do I file a car insurance claim?
Who is the first female associate justice of the Supreme Court?
My dog peed on the couch and left a stain, is there an easy way to remove it?
What does feather in a cap mean
What time of the year is it best to hunt Rabbit in Maryland?
What is COPD?
how do I remove ads off of my fire tablet?
How do I get my boss at work to like me?
Do the islands of Hawaii ever get snowfall?
I had a fight with a friend and now they wont talk to me at all, any advice you can give me?
I want to purchase a men's suit, but I don't know what I am looking for or how to get started.
I'm trying to write an essay
I'm trying to lower my blood preasure.
Can you recommend me a show that is similar to American Horror Story?
I am trying to find a recipe. Can you help me understand how to make fudge for the Holidays?
Are prepaid cards worth it?
What are some interesting salad dressings?
Hi, my bathtub has started to get black marks on it. Can you give me any suggestions for how to clean those off?
Which countries were involved in the first World War?
Hello, I am trying to find out if Santa Claus is real. Can you help?
I'm considering offsite backups, for my data. Just in case of a disaster. I wonder what some of the best methods are for doing that?
Can you help me find some new pop bands on Soundcloud?
What are the different oceans in the world?
What kinds of snakes are common in Florida?
Hi! My dog keeps begging for food and I need help to try to put a stop to this behaviour
Is Windows 11 a free upgrade for Windows 10 users?
What are psychologically studied behaviors, of people who are generally happy, and do not experience depression?
What are some cute ideas for lunchbox notes for my kids?
How can I make magnets for my refrigerator from colored felt and magnets?
What are some things I can put on the window for shade?
How do you relieve pain from a pinched nerve?
I prefer ham over turkey when in comes to a Thanksgiving meal. I didn't want to upset any guests so I had both last night. Was this an appropriate thing to do? I didn't talk about it with anyone.
How can I shrink jeans without a dryer?
How do I learn to enunciate better? I seem to mumble a lot.
What is a cheese ball?
Should I make baby food or should I buy it? Gerber is a good brand.
What are some things I can mix into my instant noodles?
What kind of cheese can be use to make pizza?
Search for a steak and mushroom recipe
I feel fat no matter what I eat. How can I lose another 20 pounds?
What is the keyboard shortcut to send the screen back to desktop in Win 10?
I want to know more about Learning about UNESCO World Heritage Sites. How did it get started?
Why do conservatives hate Sesame Street so bad?
what are some different kinds of cheese fondue?
Is Atari still in operation?
What are some unique or unusual toppings that I can add to a pizza?
How do you take a screenshot on an Android phone?
What are some good recipes for chicken pot pie?
How is water purified for drinking?
I'm looking for a good new pop song. Can you recommend any?
I am planning to travel to the Maldives, and wondered if you could tell me more about the country?
what if i come across wolf cubs in the wild?
Where can I buy food online?
How can I get more respect at work?
What are the best wigs for women?
Where can I learn how to sell my own art work?
Tell me who is the richest person in the world as of 2021.
What kind of fillings are use for tamales?
Please tell me about the former US President Bill Clinton.
How did the hamburger become such a popular fast food meal in the USA?
Should you carry tools in the car in case of an emergency?
How do I become a ballerina?
Can you give a list of onomatopoeia words?
I'm going into the backcountry for a weekend and wondering what to do about going to the bathroom and toilet paper. How do people arrange that in the wilderness?
Is there a way to make address labels yourself?
How do you play laser tag?
Is there a simple tool that helps people put their shoes on?
Can you provide me some information on Jimmy Carter?
What things should I pack for a road trip?
Please compile a list of the most popular British names for boys during the years 2000-2010.
I need some recommendations on TV shows that are similar to Scrubs, can you provide me some?
Have humans always worn shoes?
What are the rules to basketball?
How do I do elf on a shelf?
I love hot dogs but I always hear horror stories about what kind of strange ingredients are put into hot dogs. What exactly are hot dogs made of?
I want to make cheese omelette. What type of cheese should I buy?
What are some good songs by Michael Buble?
Which Eurasian countries have special passport or Visa programs with China, for easy travel?
Can you explain what all the different types of gas at gas stations are?
Can you describe the steps of how to clean an area rug?
What ar some simple tips to saving money in a budget?
How long ago were tomatoes introduced into Europe?
Do you have any tips on building programs using Python that will help scrape text files for data?
How do I lighten the underarms?
Can you tell me if Java is a type of OS?
How do you schedule a restart in Windows 10?
John William Waterhouse, the painter, made art with such grace and beauty. I wonder what his most popular painting was?
How do I have a Cinco De Mayo party?
How should I clean a bird cage?
i'm always behind on house work. what should i do?
I'm planning to go to San Diego. Can you tell me fun places to visit?
Is there such thing as bar etiquette, and if so, can you guide me on how one should behave at a bar?
How do I teach a child to use the scissors?
What is the best wood to use to make a canoe?
Why do some employers consider listening to music to be a waste of time and a distraction?
What does too much caffeine do to you?
I'm planning to get a new car, what type of car do you think os reliable and budget-friendly?
How can I learn basic HTML code?
Would you help me learn more about the video game Crysis.
How do you make a window more airtight in the winter to save energy/heat?
How deep is your love?
Hi, I'd like to start voting, now that I'm 18. How do I register?
How do I write an effective term paper for a college class?
I would like to learn some arm strengthen exercises I could do from home.
Where is the best zoo in the United States?
How do I welcome a new neighbor?
What are some good vegetarian dishes? I have a friend coming over for dinner u=but they don't eat meat
Why do women get way more excited about Christmas than men?
I am trying to learn more about the concept of "social media". What is social media defined as and what are some of the first social media platforms created?
How do you do an update and then restart in Windows 10?
Why are designer purses so expensive?
What is gmail?
If I was to ever take the Covid vaccine, which one should I take?
How do you know if you have a gas leak?
What is a cheese ball?
How do I know if I am hard of hearing?
How do I learn new slang?
I'm writing a paper on serial killers. Do you know anything about Ted Bundy?
How do you set the gaps on spark plugs?
What are some good dog toys that can teach him problem solving?
How do I know if my brakes need replacement?
I am trying to find ways to burn calories. I was thinking about incorporating a five mile walk into my daily routine and I was curious how many calories will I burn doing this activity?
I'm looking for a good gift for my in laws. Do you have any ideas?
How can I make edible water bubbles
How do I train my dog not to jump up excitedly at people?
How can I compare the cost of repairing my roof versus buying a new one?
Who is Tom Selleck?
My iPhone won't give me text notifications anymore. Can you help?
What are some of the best silent movies?
Who did Eric Clapton marry?
Who develop the Battlefield series video games?
What does Semper Paratus mean?
What are some fun end of school year classroom activities?
Why don't cars come with a full size spare tire anymore?
I have heard that gulf wax has many uses. Would you mind listing some of them?
What are some things that I can use garlic for when cooking?
What is the best way to keep your skin supple as you age? I've heard Retinol is a good tool.
Is there a fee to send money with Zelle?
Is Die Hard a Christmas movie?
How do I save money with very little
What would be a good Christmas gift for my mom who is 78 years old
I am writing a paper and I need it to include words descriptive of nature
I want to detangle my hair. What is the best tool to use?
if you could go on holiday, where would you go? and why?
What does Aim High Fly Fight Win mean in the Air Force?
Can sitting down for too long do harm to my back? I am on the computer for 8-10 hours a day and am worried about the long term consequences.
I keep hearing about Mercury Retrograde. Do you know what that means?
I am going to invest some money in to crypto currency. I am not sure which coin to choose. What would you recommend?
What do I need to start a podcast?
How do I help grandma find a Medicare plan?
I have trouble falling asleep at night. What are some techniques I can use to relax and sleep more easily?
How is a space walk carried out?
How do I safely store kitchen knives when they're not in use?
what are some foods that dogs should stay away from?
Let's pretend I'm lost in a forest, can you give me some survival tips?
How do I save battery on my cell phone?
Search for a cranberry waffle recipe
What's a good thing to collect and display in my home that will gain value in the future?
Hi, I'd like to add lying leg raises to my workout. Can you explain how they're done?
How come when we hold a piece of paper up to light, we can see what's written on the other side?
What are things I should include in a personal statement?
Can you give me a guide to identifying edible mushrooms in the Pacific Northwest?
how do i learn to whitewater raft?
I remember my first car took regular gas, why couldn't it run on unleaded?
Which movies are similar to Road House?
What is sepsis?
My friend is interested in getting a dog. She is not sure whether she should adopt or purchase one from the pet store. She has a two-year-old child.
Faith Hill is such a talented singer. And model beautiful. What are some of her big hits?
Besides owning a farm, what was Jimmy Carter's career before he went into politics?
What is Gofundme?
Does having Christmas lights all over the outside of your house make the electricity bill a lot higher?
I love Pierce Brosnan in the role of James Bond, but I forget which movies he was in. Can you list the movies in which he played James Bond?
Why was criminal minds cancelled?
How do I make beef jerky in an oven?
How do I make Japanese fried rice?
How often should you cut your dogs toe nails?
How can I divide ferns?
I plan to make Fudge Walnut Brownies. Can you help me?
what are some ideas for a small wedding?
I'm planning on an overseas vacation I'll be taking next year. I don't want to go somewhere super cliche like France or the UK or anything. Are there any smaller countries you think might be worth considering?
What is the 6th amendment?
Are space heaters safe?
What are some kinds of shoes I can collect?
How much is Intel worth now?
What year was Cooler Master Technology founded?
I've read that you can revive dry lettuce by placing the leaves into a pool of water. Why does this happen?
Can you help me write the abstract for a grant proposal? The goals of the proposal are: I would start by applying safety research to uses of language models that are increasingly complicated over time. For a given application, the first step will be working on a research prototype. After demonstrating success, the goal will be to collaborate with product teams to assess feasibility offline before running experiments with that product. I envision applying a number of safety techniques to practical problems, including debate, fine-tuning language models with reinforcement learning from human or automated feedback, adversarial training, specialized classification language models (e.g., for inconsistency, subjectivity, illogical arguments, or evasiveness) that can be fine-tuned with supervised learning, conversational simulators, explicit models of user value to improve alignment and improved robustness techniques. I propose starting with more limited scope language tasks that should be easier to work with, while allowing for improvements to commercial products in the near term. For any of these tasks, there will be iterations on translating tasks into a form that can produce results in collaboration with safety researchers. In many of these, it would be valuable to apply specialized models to identify inconsistencies, incorrect arguments, falsehoods, subjective results, toxic language, unfair bias, or manipulation. These models can also be used to provide automated feedback, supplementing feedback based on ground truth answers. * Intent detection - this is used in mainstream conversational agents today to understand a user’s goals to direct a predefined conversation flow * Summarization - converting documents into shorter summaries would be very useful (especially if the results are more reliable than what has been possible to date). * Document relevance - allowing users to explicitly state what information they are looking for - this task is about finding semantically relevant documents * Generating descriptions,
How many types of mango are there in the world?
Why do I always have bad dreams?
I'm planning on incorporating a business in the station of Maine. Can you tell me what papers I have to file with the state to create a legal entity?
Is the snake population in Florida becoming a problem?
I need to deep clean my bathroom. What steps should I take?
I want to learn how to cut my own hair
How do I learn to love myself?
Hello, I'm trying to find out what William Shakespeare's first play was. Can you help?
are there any natural things i can use for a rash?
Can you tell me the most popular album made by Ozzy Osbourne?
What is an easement?
How do I raise the flag in the morning?
Which internet browser is the best?
I'm thinking about visiting Salem, Massachusetts. I am fascinated with the history of the Salem Witch Trials. What can you tell me about them?
What is a kidney transplant?
It is time to decorate for Christmas. How can I make my home look like a winter wonderland?
How is cardboard made?
Can you help me figure out how to make a tres leches cake with strawberries in it?
Are there any ways to reduce the itch from a mosquito bite?
Hey! My 13 year old just got their period and I need some advice on how to teach her how to use a tampon without it being awkward.
How can I help someone that is on a diet?
Are the Burmese Pythons native to North America?
My home heating is broken and it's gonna take a few days for it to get fixed. It's pretty cold though. What are some practical ways to stay warm?
What happened to the space shuttle Challenger? Why did it blow up?
How do I carve a turkey?
What's that thing called that when thrown into water just bursts into flames?
How can I get my girlfriend to cook more?
I'm trying to learn how to dance better, can you recommend any dance moves that are easy for a beginner?
How do I make a margarita?
How do you know your blood type?
Leo Tolstoy was quite a writer. How long were most of his works, page wise, roughly?
Which is better: chicken or beef?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cosa de Horno?
What do I need to brew beer at home?
How come when looking at lights at night, there are so many lines/rays coming from the light source?
How do I tell my boss I don't want to answer work emails on non work hours?
How can I keep my shih tzu's coat healthy?
Can you refreeze meat? I had some frozen beef and then thawed it, but I want to freeze it again. My mom says you shouldn't do that.
what do you think is going to be the next big thing
Who discovered that you could pop corn?
What country is second to the US in military strength?
What are the origins of Easter?
How much vitamin C, should you take daily, as a supplement? There's a lot of different statements on that.
Can you tell me a bit about what overnight oats are?
why are there rocks in my rice?
Find a home fries recipe
Can I eat cottage cheese like yogurt?
Is Kashmir in India or Pakistan?
Why does the moon look bigger when it is low in the sky?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Goraasa be Dama?
How dangerous are pitbulls compared to other dogs? I hear stories about them attacking people all the time.
what fair is the largest fair in Massachusettes
Why do people get longer prison sentences for drug crimes than they do for murder?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Ka’ak Bread?
I'd like a few bullet points for a paper I am writing about Harriet Tubman. I'd like to include a timeline of her life. Can you help?
I want to teach my kids how to knit.
Can you tell me the names of the most popular tourist attractions and entertainment centers in Los Angeles?
Why did people buy all the toilet paper when they didn't need that much?
How can I make Thanksgiving dressing?
Can you tell me the steps necessary to join the US Coast Guard?
WHo is Colin Kaepernick
Hi, I'd like to develop my neck flexors. Can you suggest any exercises that would do that, and tell me how to perform them?
How can I get better lighting in my house?
Can you recommend some Japanese horror movies?
What type of martial arts are taught in China.
Does it usually snow in November in the Northeast?
How can I lower my cholesterol levels?
How can I help someone stop their hoarding behavior?
I'm going camping. Can wait for s'mores
I'm going to Iceland and need to learn some basic food terms.
Can you tell me how to calculate the odds on a boxing match?
Hello, I am trying to figure out how to write an exposition
I'm interested in getting involved in volunteering programs, can you recommend some?
What kind of mask would you recommend to help prevent COVID?
Who is Gwen Stefani?
Should I express affection to my spouse in front of my kids?
How do I learn to jazz dance?
I'm trying to figure out the best way to take care of a steam burn
What is the freezing point for seawater?
How can I tie dye?
are airpods worth it?
what are some good workout programs
How do I learn how to swim?
What should I do if I have an ingrown nail?
How do you make a banana split?
What is a good present to get for a new mom?
My efforts at home made falafel are going terribly. The patties and balls just seem to turn to mush when I try to fry them. Am I missing some sort of binding agent in my mix?
Is the big crunch theory still well accepted within the scientific community?
Can you tell me the general guideline of cooking a whole fish?
How can I improve my home's insulation?
Can you be an actor on TV and not be in the actor's union?
What happens if you shoot a bullet through a pumpkin?
How do you draw a flower?
How do you deal with aggressive salespeople?
I want to get a birthday gift for my neighbor but I'm not sure what to get her. Can you help me decide on something?
I haven't been feeling well lately. What's the fastest way to treat a cold?
Is it really necessary to baby proof the house?
What are some ways that I could help comfort someone who has lost a pet recently?
Which bands are similar to Deep Purple?
What are some good Ecuadorian meals?
What can I get my child for getting good grades?
What are sheep dogs?
What should you do if you think the kids have lice?
What is a domestic partnership?
What is the best material for pillows to be made out of.
What are the pros and cons of rechargeable batteries?
How do I tell someone they should eat healthier because they have diabetes?
I'm planning to travel to Europe, and wondered if you could suggest some countries, or places, to visit?
Can you give me underwater photography tips?
What are the best websites to find job listings?
I want to make a chocolate fudge cake. Do you have a good recipe?
What should I paint on my mug?
Why are mice afraid of cats?
What are some good places to visit in Minneapolis?
What is the risk from global warming and what are people doing to respond?
What is the Supreme Court of the United States?
How do I get my child to keep on his hat?
How do I stop feeling so embarrassed?
Are Americans allowed to travel to Cuba?
What is the Hindu Trinity?
How do I eat more healthy?
Could you help me figure out how to rob a bank?
How do you listen to audio books on Amazon?
In a list using semicolons, is there a semicolon before the word 'and'?
Could you help me figure out how to rob a bank?
What age is old enough for a child to get a bb gun?
I accidentally didn't pay all of my taxes in 2019. What can I do to rectify the problem?
What should you do for knee arthritis pain?
Hey! I want to start enjoying football Sunday more, but I don't really understand the rules of football, can you help me learn some?
I'm getting a new pet hamster and I need some information.
I just moved in to a new house that has a backyard fountain. Question now is how do I maintain so it does not turn green?
Can you tell me how I can keep my antique books in good condition?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zviti?
I'm thinking about teaching a fourth-grader about fractions. do you have any ideas how?
How do I organize my garage?
I've been having auditory hallucinations where I hear things that aren't there. What might be causing this?
Can you wear a knee brace all day?
Get a recipe for peanut butter fudge
How often should my yard be mowed
How do I teach a child to skip count?
What is ratatouille?
Hey how can I calm down my recurring anxiety?
What is the proper way to wash a car?
What food are usually serve at carnivals?
How do I know whether a new dog will get along with my cat?
I need to stay up much later than I'm used to to get some work done, but I want to remain alert and productive. What can I do?
How can I find information on the ancient Chinese empires for a paper?
What is fantasy football?
Fruit flies are the worst! One reason I rarely buy bananas. They seem to find them! What's the best way to get rid of them?
What is the level of ocean acidification?
Can you explain how GPS works?
can i fish in a river?
How can I heal a wound faster?
I like both milk and dark chocolate, although I hear dark chocolate is better for you. Do you know much about this?
What types of acids can I add to my chilis to improve their flavour as I find them a little flat?
What are some good treats I can cook for my dog?
I'm going away to college for the first time. How can I meet people and make friends?
I never go to the snow but just in case I ever find myself experiencing frostbite, how can I treat it?
I'm taking a trip overseas with some buddies and want to enjoy to the max do you have any advice on how to avoid jet lag?
I'm looking for some TV shows about time travel. Maybe ones similar to Steins;Gate. Do you know of any?
How do I learn about the candidates I am voting for?
What time is Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade?
What are the warning signs of kidney stones?
How much money should I give my 10 year old twins for allowances?
This holiday season I really want to do my part to help those in need. Can you suggest some things I might be able to do?
I am trying to train my dog to not bark every time I leave the house. Do you have any ideas on how to help?
Can you explain how cell phone towers work?
What is the best country in South America to visit for vacation?
How do I check what version of Windows 10 I'm using?
What is the meaning of life?
Trace Adkins seems a curious singer. His song about lights was great. Know his hits?
how do i help a baby with a cold to sleep?
What are some cool things in the forest I can take pictures of?
What day and date is the winter solstice?
Is a physician assistant a good career?
Please tell me how to make brownies.
Is coffee hard to grow?
What are the different ways to cook eggs for breakfast?
Do you know the name of the actor who appeared in films “Face Off” and “Ghost Rider”?
Can you tell me what company invented the DVD player?
What are modern candles made out of?
I need some information on what type of cat food is better for my new cat, wet or dry food. Can you help me?
How do I audition for a movie?
what is a good free email service?
When did yeasted bread become popular in culture? Also, did indigenous people of the U.S., use yeasted bread?
How often should I shower my hair?
Why did the South surrender in the civil war?
I want a Christmas present for a young girl who likes astronomy and robots.
What is Vodka made from
I've gone fishing a few times and never caught anything. What are some tips to help me get better at this? I use worms as bait. Is this not good enough?
When did the Pokémon Trading Card game release in the United States?
adjust the picture on my new tv but cannot get it right what are the different perimeters
What should you eat on a low sodium diet?
Could you tell me the process of making homemade lemonade?
Should you learn CPR?
What is the longest running Broadway show?
Can you help me gather information for a research paper about World War 2?
I'm curious about the painting "The Last Supper" by Leonardo da Vinci. The restoration seems to be going on forever.
I really want to watch a Jude Law movie. Can you recommend some good ones?
How can I make my car last long without breaking down
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
How do you get a passport?
Best books by Stephanie Meyer
What do I do if my alarm doesn't wake me up?
How do you become a life coach?
How can I get a bigger vocabulary?
I just finished watching Dateline and the case, on the show, was solved using DNA evidence. I was curious. What was the first case solved using DNA evidence?
How can I avoid a hangover?
Saint Patricks Day seems to have a long standing tradition. How did it get started?
I'm considering offsite backups, for my data. Just in case of a disaster. I wonder what some of the best methods are for doing that?
how can i tell my relatives i don't want to exchange christmas gifts?
I have to teach a 7 year old about decimals. How can I explain decimals?
I'm thinking about watching a different movie. Wasn't Dean Martin in a western once? I might watch that.
I am working with a new company and they struggle to keep on top of all the tasks that need to be done. Can you suggest a task management tool to help?
Should I get vaccinated against Covid-19? I'm nervous about risks associated with the vaccine.
Do you know the steps involved with creating a charity?
Are 2 stoke motorcycles faster than 4 strokes?
What should I do if I have an ingrown nail?
Who is Mike Pence?
How does a chiropractor help you?
What places should I visit in New Orleans?
Which bands are similar to Eluveitie?
I need help with finding a eggplant parmesan recipe that is vegan friendly.
What kind of things can I make with sour oranges?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Raspeball?
What is taught in creationism versus evolution?
How do I refinish a wood floor?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shami Kebab?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Buzio?
Can you tell me about the real ID, id card program in the US?
I would like to describe some natural elements in French. Can you help?
What are some good ways to express affection to your spouse?
I have a project on ancient greece and need some ideas for headings for each chapter. I will need about 6 chapters/
What are some spaghetti sauce ideas?
I am trying to remove clumps or knots of hair from my cat's coat. What can I do to make this process easier for both them and me?
I would like to take a short pleasure trip soon but I don't know if it's safe to do so yet. I had planned a little vacation before the pandemic began and then had to postpone it indefinitely, much to my chagrin. Now I'm thinking it might be okay to go, but then I start feeling nervous about. I don't know how to convince myself that it's okay, or if I even should.
I want to go camping alone in the wilderness. What tools do you recommend I bring?
I'm trying to decide if I should visit both Australia and New Zealand.
What sport does Michael Jordan play?
How do I choose the right paint color for my house?
How can I make homemade icing for a chocolate cake?
Hi, I hear Deep Purple is an influential band in the history of rock and roll. Can you suggest their best songs, or albums, so I can create a playlist to familiarize myself with their sound?
What are some good coworker gifts for a Christmas swap?
Please compile a text based list of the most popular British names for girls during the years 2000-2010.
How an I patch up a hole in a shirt?
Not sure what blood test results will be
What should I bring to a potluck?
I would like to make a gift for my mother rather than buying one. What are some homemade gift ideas?
What is the best place to buy DIY materials?
I eat oatmeal almost every morning, but I'm getting a little bored of it. What are some good toppings or additions?
Can you tell me what I can use palm oil for?
Is drinking alcohol bad for people?
Can Parvo get into your carpets from a previous dog owner?
I want to have a horror movie night. What are some of the most popular horror movies?
I'd like one day to swim with dolphins in the wild, do you think it's possible?
What is the strategic oil reserve?
Are Jeep's the best off road vehicle?
What languages are spoken in Japan?
I'd like to donate to some Kickstarter campaigns, but I don't know if the website is secure for payments. Do you have any opinions?
Can you tell me about red dye in foods and why people say it is harmful?
Can you suggest a book to read similar to Collapse?
Does PayPal do money transfers on the weekends?
How do I stop peeling lips?
How can I make my own potato chips?
I have a job interview coming up. What should I do to prepare and ace it?
Most memorable facts about Ronald Reagan.
What is the difference between android 9 and android 11?
Is a Rottweiler a good pet?
What's the differences between a regular washer and a high efficiency washer?
Is it necessary to watch all the Jurassic park movies in order to understand the story? or all they all different?
What kind of herbs or vegetables can I grow inside my house?
I want to open a bank account, but I have no idea which bank to choose.
how can i encourage my child to differentiate dreams from reality?
How can I deal with a dog that cries and cries every time I leave him home alone?
What does digital footprint mean?
I really have appreciated the work of James Gandolfini. What are some of his works, outside of the main series he was famous for?
I had a party today and there has been pizza and burgers sitting on the counter for about 10 hours. Are they still safe to eat?
Which year did the Civil War start in America?
What are fun places to visit near Fisherman's Wharf?
Is a French bulldog a good pet?
Where do they get peppercorns from? Is it a tree?
Why don't more people want Universal Healthcare in the US?
I've heard garlic is a great natural antibiotic. Does it help with colds?
Can you tell me the general steps of staining unfinished wood?
I'm trying to make spring rolls. Do you have a good recipe?
What are the pros and cons of Mac Computers?
what are some hearty soups for winter?
What is a casserole I can make with bagels?
what are cool ideas for crafting with marshmallows?
Is there a way I can melt and mold gold at home?
My best friends are in a fight and it is putting stress on our friend group. How can I help them see through their disagreement?
How do I learn to use a pogo stick?
How do I clean in between tiles?
what should i do if i can't afford going to a doctor?
What should you use your emergency fund for?
What is a prepaid debit card?
Who did Joni Mitchell date from Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young?
Why don't Republican Presidents get the most popular votes and seem to win with electoral votes instead?
What are some ways that I can get better at acting?
What are some inside activities you can do with the elderly?
What is the safest way to travel?
I just bought and Iphone, but I've been using Android. What do I need to do to switch over?
What are some things I can mix in muffins?
Is it hard to become a surgical tech?
How do I do leg exercises?
Can you tell me if my pants will be the same size in European clothing as in the US?
Hey! I'm struggling to learn how to meal prep. What are some staples that I can make as a beginner?
What is your favorite color?
What are the origins of Christmas?
Please tell me about Apollo 11.
What are some crochet ideas for a beginner?
Do you know how I can build a tree house for my kids?
I'm curious what the most popular color of hair dye is, in the United States. Red head, or blonde?
What company released the popular video game Mass Effect?
How do you adjust the seat height of a bicycle?
How do I screen print a tshirt?
Can you explain to me how wine is made?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Bamba Brussels Sprouts?
How do you make a room smell fresh?
Are you familiar with Batman movies?
I am trying to lose some weight. What are some good low fat snack options?
What is the best at home DIY stain solution?
Should I kill a tarantula I find in my backyard?
Which living singer has the most vocal range today?
What are places to visit in Vancouver?
How do I win at the game monopoly?
How do you get a lyft?
I was reading an article that said in 2004 scientists were worried an asteroid called apophis will hit Earth. Is that a possibility?
How many hours maximum should an adult work before burnout?
Are hot wheels collectible?
How do I keep my fingers from hurting when playing the guitar?
Birkenstocks are great, if expensive, shoes. I wonder when they started, and their history.
How do I know if I have allergies or I'm sick?
The people in the apartment next to me smoke marijuana several times a week and the smell wafts into my apartment and I hate it. What can I do to get rid of the smell of the marijuana or get them to stop smoking it altogether?
What are some flavored sodas to serve at a party?
Have you heard of Santana?
is football too dangerous of a sport for kids?
Does Puerto Rico want to become a US state?
I'm going out to a party tonight, and they will be discussing renewable energy. What can you tell me?
Why do I look better in a mirror than in pictures? I always hate how I look in pictures.
What should I feed a pet snake?
Find Clint Eastwood movies
What are some good Indonesian dishes I could make?
How do I take notes during lectures?
What are some ways that I can get better at acting?
How old was the oldest person ever
What are the origins of St. Patrick's Day?
I need to increase my vitamin d intake. What are some good sources for it?
What is the risk from global warming and what are people doing to respond?
How much is a first class stamp?
I'm planning to make vegetable fried rice for the first time. Can you help me?
How do I take care of my eye health?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Indio Viejo?
There is a raccoon that has been approaching me. Can I pet it?
What kind of foods can I give to my pet bunny
What is Les Misérables?
Hi, I want to teach my dog to sit. Can you explain how I could do that?
What are situations I should have an emergency fund for?
Is it important to get plenty of vitamins in your diet, and how best to go about this?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shawarma?
How do Istart a fruit garden?
I have heard that gulf wax has many uses. Would you mind listing some of them?
Can you look up the movie times for the Matrix for this weekend?
I want to find a new job. Do you have any job search tips?
Des hard apple cider have alcohol in it?
Why does aged wine taste better than new wine?
Is Miami a good place to take a vacation?
What are some good types of toys for kids who love superheroes?
Do you like stories?
How do you keep from getting covid?
Who is the best footballer of all time?
I'm planning to go to San Diego. Can you tell me fun places to visit?
I am going on vacation soon.
What is the emergency number in Canada?
What would the symbol be for Aries?
Can you give me the pros and cons for and against spaying or neutering pets?
Up to what age should I sterilize baby bottles?
What is the biggest department store?
I am going on vacation soon.
What are some fun activities to do in the snow?
I've written a novel and would like to get it published, but I don't know where to start, can you help?
How do I make a Christmas garland?
What is the strategic oil reserve?
Do you know of any place where real arrowheads can be found?
What is appropriate to wear to a funeral?
Do you have any advice for a gardening novice?
How do you can vegetables?
How do I deflate a water bed?
Do you have any recommendations for bands or singers that are similar to Phoebe Bridgers?
What are some things I can make a fence out of?
What date did the Titanic sink?
How long has the process of veneering been around for?
Has there really been proof that people have seen ghosts?
How should I dress on a cruise?
Can you tell me what are ways in which I can improve the air quality in my home?
how do I make a good lasagna
Do Police Detectives have to have a college degree?
How can I calculate if it is worth it to buy a second home to rent out?
What is a good covered dish for a Christmas party?
What should I take on a hiking trip?
Ketchup seems to be such a prolific condiment. When did it become popular, and who produced it?
How do you know how much turkey to make for Thanksgiving?
How do I learn to be better at sketching?
I'm curious if there has been research scientifically, about whether the non physical entities of angels, exist? A spiritual mentor that looks after people, from the afterlife?
Is greek yogurt better for you than regular yogurt?
In investments, what's the best retirement fund to put your money into?
I'd like to buy a nice diving watch that can withstand hundreds of feet of depth in the ocean. What watches might I be looking for?
My 35 year old son is having pain from his jaw, neck and shoulder blade
I am trying to become more fashionable. How can I stay up on the latest style and fashion trends?
What are some good stores to shop at if I like JC Penney?
How do you switch to a different user account in Win 10?
Can you tell me how long it would take to drive from the state of Maryland to Missouri at average speed?
what can i eat peanut butte ron?
Is there a such thing as third cousins?
How do I set a formal dinner table?
I need a good children's museum near Norfolk VA
I would like to make a gift for my mother rather than buying one. What are some homemade gift ideas?
What is the most played sport in the United States?
How do I learn better punctuation skills?
What can I see in Istanbul? I will fly from Los Angeles to Bali and I will have a long layover in Istanbul.
What are some cities to visit in Mexico?
How do I make homemade baked beans?
My significant other recently moved across the country for work. He won't be back for at least another year. Do you have any advice on how to have a successful long-distance relationship?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Culurgiones?
I have a question about this paragraph Disclaimer To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will: limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence; limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law. The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty. To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge or for a charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature. Site Navigation Home —- Can you explain this to me using only the most common words in english?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Macheteadas?
Do left-handed scissors, tend to work very well? I'm left-handed, and I've had to adapt and use right hand scissors. The angles are confusing.
Can someone recover from a tramautic brain injury?
How do you treat insomnia?
I'm having a hard time explaining the concept of death to my five year old son. His gold fish just died and I don't know what to tell him. We're not religious.
Psychologically, does believing in a Supreme Being religiously, contribute to better, or worse, mental health?
I like hot dogs sometimes, but they don't seem healthy. Do doctors recommend eating hot dogs?
Which tourist attractions should I visit in Spain?
I love going on walks during the fall. The colorful leaves are magnificent to see. I was curious as to why do the leaves change color in the fall?
What are alternatives to turkey on thanksgiving?
Is there any chocolate factories in the United states that still does tours?
How can I make Thanksgiving stuffing from scratch?
Which movies are similar to Road House?
How do I teach a child to brush their own teeth?
I will be transferred by my company to Singapore for one year. Is it a safe country?
What is a nice long haired cat I can purchase?
I've heard that american malls, have been tanking in profit, due to cultural change. Heard much about this?
How can I get oil off of a duck?
How do you get over your fear of speaking in front of a crowd?
Which is better for safety, a van or an SUV?
How do I keep my baby from waking up at night?
How do I make a martini?
I'm planning a family reunion picnic. What are some fun family friendly yard games we can play together?
Can you tell me the cooking time for pan frying a steak?
How can I get my dog used to travel?
How do I grow an apple tree?
How much does a subscription to Netflix cost?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
where is the best country to find gold
I love having a variety of hair ties. How are hair ties made?
Is bubble guppies family friendly?
Can you help more learn more about Game of Thrones?
What should I have for breakfast
Can you tell me the history of how the Americas were discovered by Europeans?
How do I iron a sharp crease on my slacks?
How do I learn how to crochet?
How do you deal with selfish people?
My mom has been suffering from sciatica for a long time and its not getting better. Is there anything she can do?
Can you tell me about the real ID, id card program in the US?
How do I teach a baby to dance?
I have an older car and I want to increase it's fuel efficiency while boosting the horsepower. Is there any way I can achieve both?
Do you have recipes for a lemony vinaigrette?
What do I buy as a present for a child who loves animals?
Can you help me find an Amtrak train that goes from New York to Baltimore?
What is GERD?
How do I stay calm if I have to identify a body?
If you dropped a penny and a tennis ball from a hot air balloon, which would hit the ground first?
What are some good comedy movies?
How can I get rid of a tattoo?
How do I relieve muscle soreness?
What is a good breakfast to eat when on the go?
I'm travelling to Norway and need to learn to say some food words. Can you help?
How do you handle a child's temper tantrum?
How do I train my cat who is being bad?
Can you recommend a new book to read? I like classic novels.
I'm thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend. What's the best way to go about it?
How do I teach myself to roller skate?
How can I restore my wood floors and make them look like new?
How do I make icing for sugar cookies?
How do I make queso?
How do you get a lyft?
how do you make an igloo?
I want to make a pumpkin pie for Thanksgiving, but I've never made one before. How do I make a pumpkin pie?
How can I keep my passwords safe?
I have been struggling with disciplining my son lately. Do you know of any effective methods that do not involve spanking or hitting?
I'm trying to sanitize my phone. Can you help?
How can I cook a fish while I'm out camping?
What is a dwarf planet?
What are the pros and cons of the native reservation system in the United States?
What is the politics in United States of America?
What are some good summer pies?
How do I stop eyeliner from smudging?
How do I make pretzels?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Soursop?
It's the festive times and I am in the mood for a festive drink! I am fine with either an alcoholic or non alcoholic beverage, as long as it is festive. Do you have any ideas of how I can make such a drink, or a recipe for one?
I'm going on a camping trip. How do I stay safe around wildlife?
When was Verizon established?
I want to learn more about Amazon Mechanical Turk platform. Is there a phone number or an email address for workers if I have questions?
I want to have an English-style tea for my friends. What does that consist of?
Do you have any tips on becoming a data analyst?
What is S & P 500?
What are some good asian dishes that use mushrooms?
It's important to consider multiple perspectives, can you describe some pros of it?
How can I differentiate the difference between the footprints of a dog and a feline in the wild? For example, a wolf or a mountain lion?
I need to pick a college to attend
Can you recommend an album to listen to? I like pop, rock, and country.
How do you relieve congestion in a baby?
Why do bicycle tires have so much higher air pressure than car tires do?
I want to dress up as a witch for Halloween. What do I need for my costume?
What is selective service?
how do i make gravy for turkey?
Can you read Roman Numerals?
Animal Farm by Orwell, was quite a dark tale. I'm curious about how the author came up with the book.
My friend is interested in getting a dog. She is not sure whether she should adopt or purchase one from the pet store. She has a two-year-old child.
What are the origins of Christmas?
Was there a sequel made to Dirty Dancing?
How do you know what emojis mean?
What are the three branches of the US governmet?
Would it be possible to create a telescope that could see the surface of planets outside of our galaxy?
I've decided to change my career and become a truck driver. Got any tips for me man?
What is the best way to prioritize my tasks for work?
Find Burt Reynolds movies
What do I need to know before I start investing in stocks?
What should I bring to Chile
Who created Snoopy from the cartoon Peanuts ?
what are some imaginative games I can play with my kids?
How can I change my address with my checking account?
Can you tell me a recipe and directions for making an ice coffee?
Why are clouds called nimbus?
how do i win an ebay auction?
How can I make my clothes whiter?
What are some different options for menstruation?
Can you recommend some autobiographies by singer-songwriters?
What is yoga?
Why has college tuition gotten so expense in the last few decades?
What's a good way to teach a kid to ski?
Can I get sick from being too cold?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nacatamales?
Gambling addiction is more prevalent that people realize. I wonder if psychology is getting better at treating that addiction?
Should you size up in boots for thicker socks?
Is heaven real?
Who is the Pinball Wizard?
I'm learning about presidents and would like to learn about some of the accomplishments during the Clinton presidency
I'm starting to wear earplugs at night so I can get a good night sleep despite the noise my roommate makes. Are there any drawbacks to sleeping with earplugs every night?
What is a Bellini?
What is a great mourning routine?
What time do Black Friday deals start on outdoor outlets like REI and big online retailers like Amazon?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe ghorayebah?
How can I help my daughter adjust to college life?
Can you tell me about 18th century Japanese history?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Skābeņu zupa?
What are some types of ways I can cook tofu?
How do you manage time with a to-do list?
Can you help my choose a gift for my female partner, she's thirty years old and we've been together for eight years.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mthawem?
How much money should I save in an emergency fund?
How do I use a foam roller to stretch out my back?
Do you know of any good resources to learn Spanish?
Is it true that microwaves can cause cancer due to radiation or is this a myth?
I'm doing research on Coca-Cola. Can you help with a timeline of the product from inception?
What is gabapentin
When was the first Disney World park established?
What is the difference between Peruvian ceviche and Mexican ceviche?
Why do humans have to cook meat to eat it, but animals can eat it raw without getting sick?
What is Google News?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz Caldo?
When should I charge my phone?
Is it hard to become a medical and health services manager?
What is clam chowder?
How can I move my baby in the head first position before childbirth?
What is the process to get a job working as a zookeeper?
How often should I shower my hair?
I'm interested in running a half marathon. How can I get myself in shape?
I just adopted a pet cat. It's about one year old. What sort of food should I feed it to start?
How do you change the background in photoshop?
At what age does the human brain stop growing?
Should I travel by bus or rental car?
What is Black and White and Red all over?
What is a root canal?
How can I shoot an arrow with a bow?
How long should you weight train a day?
My favorite band is the Beatles, but I'm looking for new music to listen to. Can you recommend similar bands?
What year was the sega genesis released in the United States?
Can you give me some recommendations for a first date?
Why does my skin get more dry in cold weather?
Hi, I just bought a new car. What are the things I'll need to do to maintain it and keep it running?
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
I have a pretty bad cold but I have really important business meeting tomorrow. Is there anything I can do to make my cold go away faster?
I'm travelling to Portugal and need to learn how to say some common food words.
Find a recipe for crab and avocado salad
What skills do I need to be a bartender?
teach my fifth grader how to do percentages the easiest way
Hi, I'd like to start doing front neck bridges. Can you explain how to perform one?
Find an egg salad recipe
What is the cheapest time to travel to Europe?
Can you tell me a little bit more about the battle of the bulge?
What is Times Square in New York?
What can I see in Alamos, Sonora, Mexico?
How can I live without social media?
How do I deal with dry eyes?
We've had local controversies over mountain lion hunts. Advocates say it's important to keep their population in check and also keep the out of residential areas, where protestors say it's cruel. What's your take?
What is the recommended tire pressure for a ford escape?
Can you tell me how to make a great Italian sub sandwich?
Whats the best way to remove facial hair
The Mona Lisa always captivated me. I'd like to know more about the painting.
Can you help me find cocktail recipes that specifically include citrus?
How do I teach a child to shower themselves?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
What is the best oil for cooking Chinese food?
Can you help me choose a new paint color for my living room?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Potetsalat?
what can i do if my child wants a dog but isn't ready for the responsibility?
How do I find a lost dog
What should I include in a note sending condolences?
What are some of the best Pixar movies?
I want to refinish a dresser that is older
How do I make Italian ice?
What is Goop?
What is the worst prison in the US to be sentenced time to?
I need to make a batch of 8 waffles, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
What are some ways that I can warm up quickly on a cold day?
I'm writing a paper about ancient English poetry, and would like to know about some resources for conducting research.
I'm thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend. What's the best way to go about it?
What is asthma?
How do I use a multimeter?
Are angels real?
I'm thinking about reading a new book. Questlove had a book or two out, right?
How can I treat sore thighs from running?
Do labradoodles get a long with cats?
can you find me a recipe for a brined turkey I can make for Thanks giving?
What was the big scare behind Y2k?
What are the benefits of zinc supplements?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rougaille?
Search for egg drop soup recipe
How do you measure your bra size?
Why aren't there animals in the carnivals anymore?
Why are clouds called nimbus?
Who was Julius Caesar?
What are the differences between the various bottled waters available at the store?
How do I learn to balance on a skateboard?
My family is renting a lake house for the first time this summer. What are some fun lake activities we can do together?
I've heard a lot of interesting things about psychedelic experiences and I'm curious about having a psychedelic experience myself. Are psychedelics illegal in the United States?
I get very tired in the afternoon and have to nap
When did human beings invent socks? They came into being in a specific century, if not a specific year.
I want to get a puppy for my family, but I'm not sure what breed to get. Can you help me find a breed that is calm and good with kids?
Can you tell me a recipe for making a beef stew with slow cooker?
How do I make a martini?
What are places to visit in Chattanooga?
What are some innovate ways to use eggs for dinner?
We got a new pet mouse and I'm wanting to learn how to make it use a running wheel.
I want to make granola bars at home. Can you help me?
How do I make a drink with clamato?
Can you name some chemical used for food preservation?
Do you like stories?
Is it appropriate to gift wrap a birthday gift that you are giving to a fellow middle-aged man or simply take it out of a bag and give it to him? Ids there some etiquette about this? A legitimate question.
i'm trying to stay awake. what can i do? my head keeps dropping.
how do i shave my face without cutting myself?
How do I know if you're honest with me?
How can I build a model rocket
What time is sunrise at this time of year?
How do the elderly end up in a nursing home?
I have sensitive teeth that get damaged easily. What is the best toothpaste to keep them in good condition?
When prisoners on death row get the lethal injection, do they feel any pain? I have heard conflicting opinions about this.
I think I may be allergic to my dog. My nose gets plugged real bad at night. Would a good HEPA filter do any good?
My doctor told me I have high cholesterol. Can you tell me exactly what cholesterol is?
Why don't cartoon characters wear pants?
Can you recommend some vegetarian dishes that use tofu?
How do I prevent the formation of ice dams on my roof?
What should I do when sex scenes come up in movies and I'm watching with my kids?
Do people have to go to college to make get into the NFL or NBA?
I am looking to purchase a new speaker system for my car. Can you compile a list of some of the top car speaker brands for me?
How do I play darts and what are the rules?
What are some heart healthy breakfasts?
Can you give me a guide for playing the mobile video game Clash of Clans?
I was thinking about getting a beagle, do they make good pets?
I need to apply for new jobs. What are some of the things I can do to stand out?
What are 22 rifles mainly used for?
How can I make square stepping stones?
What kind of gift can you give a party hostess?
Do you know any popular internet radio stations that play American oldies music?
i'm trying to stay awake. what can i do? my head keeps dropping.
I want to learn more about the Lebanon Crisis.
What are the characteristics of Planet Venus?
Can you explain what cryptocurrency is?
Where is mount everest located?
What year was the Nintendo video game system release in the united states?
What are some nice milk chocolate with caramel?
What is the benefit of a 12 string guitar?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
I'm gonna make spicy curry but I'm gonna add eggs to it, specifically hard boiled eggs. Can you tell me how to boil eggs?
Can you help me bake a cake for my boyfriend's birthday? I need ideas as to what flavour I should pick.
Would you be able to give me some suggestions for how to stop kitchen cabinets from being loud when they are slammed?
I'm going to Poland and need to learn some words for food.
How do I wash my car windows?
How do I get rid of fleas?
Are chinchillas good pets for kids?
How do I get rid of snails in the garden?
Do Christmas lights really last longer if you keep them on all the time?
What does escrow mean?
Can you help me find music similar to Ludovico Einaudi piano music?
There are a lot of Christmas songs to choose for nowadays. What Christmas song is the best of all time?
I want to be more environmentally friendly. What tips do you have?
Do you know anything about movie streaming services?
When writing about a smell, a scent, what are some good ways to communicate such?
What skills do I need to become a dog walker?
What are some lightbulb colors that do not attract bugs?
When was Burger King Established?
Hi, my son is about a year old now, and he's not really talking yet. What can I do to help him learn to speak?
Where should I visit in Istanbul?
How can I get better at fact checking and figuring out if things are true or false?
Can you tell me what to do with turkey leftovers?
How many episodes did the TV show "Friends" have?
What are the differences between gas and charcoal grilling?
find a private school that does not do traditional schooling
Find ham and cheese quiche recipe
What do you call indigenous people in Australia?
How can I comfort a person that is grieving?
What are perogies?
How do you rent a car?
I would like to watch a romantic comedy movie. Can you please suggest five movies for me to watch?
What is the end of the phrase 'when life gives you lemons..'?
What is a will?
What are the most popular baby names?
What are some cool additions to a bike my kids can make?
What are the best items to buy at a yard sale?
When is the anime Chainsaw Man being released?
People who live autonomously, get a bad rap culturally. How can we validate and reinforce autonomous dwellers in this culture?
How do I butcher a cow?
Is turkey safe to eat for my cat?
Why do the Police sometimes handcuff people's hands in the front and other times in the back?
What can I use to sooth dry legs?
How do I become a Lawyer?
I'm looking to take my family on a vacation somewhere in Central America. Which countries are the most family-friendly and have a good relationship with the US so it is safe for its citizens?
I have a scar on my jawline from a shaving accident that I would like to get rid of. Is there a natural way to remove a scar, or lighten the area?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Borscht?
Why did Facebook Corp. change its name to Meta Corp.?
what are some places to visit in Kuala Lumpur?
I'd like to plan a hiking trip to some mountains. Can you recommend a place to go?
What should I do if I'm going to meet the Queen?
I have two citrus trees. One is lemon and the other is lime. Will they change each others taste if they are planted too close?
Are pajamas a good Christmas gift?
Which car should I buy for myself and my family? I have 2 kids (ages 3 and 7)
Why do the men in navy wear that hat?
What is Artificial Intelligence?
What should I do if I suspect I have food poisoning?
I'm thinking of getting a pet, but I'm interested in something a bit more unique than a dog or cat. What do you advise?
I heard that lobster used to be a poor person's food back in the old days, why is it so expensive now?
Can you help me find some keto recipes?
What are some recipes that use bell peppers?
What are some flavors I can mix into milk?
Is it hard to learn to break dance?
What are some spicy Asian sauces?
The names of coffee drinks can be confusing. What are some general names for coffee drinks, like coffee with only milk infused?
Hi! I've been with my long-term partner for several years now and I want to bring back more flirting into the relationship. Could you give me some relationship advice?
The play Wicked was really successful for a few years. What is the plot overall?
Do probiotics help your immune system?
How do you slice tomato into neat, clean slices?
What are some fun dance moves from the 1980s?
Is it illegal for parents to give their children cigarettes?
Hello, I'm trying to find out about Partridge Trees
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Banku and Pepper?
How do you make the bed after waking up in the morning?
Can you tell me how a month to month rental agreement with a landlord works?
Can you help me find popular New Year's Eve destinations?
How do we know evolution is real?
What is the easiest way to make white rice?
Should kids drink soda?
How is silly putty made?
Are Russia's space rockets better than the USA ones?
What is the best way to stop smoking?
Which year did the Civil War start in America?
Do Doctors get used to having patients die?
Mustard seems pretty common these days, in most people's refrigerators. When did people start using mustard as a condiment on foods, I'm curious about its history.
I want to have a picnic lunch in a local park. What kinds of foods should I bring?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukraninian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Vareniki?
what are some good stretches i should do before going to the gym?
What was the black plague
How do you make a pizza from scratch?
How do you start organizing a messy apartment?
Have you heard of "The Emu War"?
How can a company like the tobacco industry get away with selling such an addictive product that causes cancer?
What are some fun activities to do for free?
what are some disney movies or shows featuring animals as the main characters?
Hi!
I'm trying to find out how much yarn I need to make a sweater for a six year old child.
Is getting xrayed harmful?
How can I determine which shows currently playing on Broadway are the most popular?
How do I get my child to enjoy reading more?
Can you help me understand pay per mile auto insurance?
I want to take up baking as a hobby, where should I start?
I'm trying to figure out the best exercise I can do to help improve my cardio.
I would like to know what "critical race theory" is?
What kind of socks do you think would keep my feet most warm
what are some nice mexican drinks to try?
How much interest do money market accounts pay?
List all the COVID 19 variants
what can i build for my hot wheels collection?
How do car transmissions work?
I'm looking for a good mystery book to read
How do I make a safe space for a baby to crawl?
How does a car warranty work?
What is political asylum?
what are some fun family board games?
I'm trying to pick a location for a spring break vacation. Can you help me with some popular destinations?
What is the best free tax software?
Who were the stars of The Kardashians show?
Hello, I am trying to figure out where the closest library is in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn NYC.
How do you stop a pet cat from engaging in undesirable behaviors, for example, scratching furniture or carpet?
How do I collect chicken eggs from my chickens?
Can you write a poem for me about my dog?
What is a good budget soldering iron for repairing electronics?
What can you put on threads to make sure screws won't loosen on their own?
Can you walk me through how to hypnotize a person?
What are some of the best action movies from the 1990s?
Would a stunt person be a fun career?
How do I start saving for retirement?
Do you know of a particular knot that tensions easily around round objects when pulled tight, but does not easily loosen? I want the string to grip tightly around a pole.
Can you explain the basics of how a car engine works to me?
Is it ethical to go to watch an orca show?
Is legal in the United States to have a pet goat?
When is the best time to visit Alaska?
How do I improve my soccer skills?
how do i learn to speed skate?
My iPhone won't give me text notifications anymore. Can you help?
What should you say when you call out of work?
What is the highest credit score?
What is the difference between Peruvian ceviche and Mexican ceviche?
I've heard of EGOT winners, and wondered who might be on the list?
How can I catalog my record collection?
What can you tell me about Michael Jackson?
What time should kids go to bed?
Does an oil furnace need to be cleaned?
what are tricks you can teach a rat?
I want to purchase a men's suit, but I don't know what I am looking for or how to get started.
Are organic chickens better than conventional ones?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken and Asparagus Tartlets?
I need to understand what derivatives are for my calculus homework. Could you give me an example?
What are some good classical cartoon characters?
what are good shows for kids like sesame street?
Can you recommend me some trip hop? I heard a little bit of the genre and it sounded pretty cool.
Which tie knot is best for a formal occasion like a wedding?
What is the minimum wage in Mississippi?
How do sharks and other fish sleep? Do they just sleep while the float?
Have you heard of Leaning Tower of Pisa?
How do I make raspberry vinegar?
I'm having a weed problem in my garden, what are some steps I can take to reduce the amount of weeds growing?
Find a pumpkin cheesecake milkshake recipe
learn how to give home estimates
I'm going to Iceland. Can you help me learn a few common phrases?
How do I make a black bean burger?
I'm going to Spain and need to learn a few food words. Can you help?
How can I clean the cloth seats in my car?
What is palm reading?
Do you know what the Turing Test is?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dinuguan?
What are some good places to take kids for a day trip?
I'm throwing a holiday party. What are some festive cocktails and other drinks I can serve my guests?
Who is Judee Sills?
Can you help me calculate the best angle for solar panels on my roof.
I'm looking for some new reading material, and I'd like to know about some of the works of Toni Morrison?
what do i feed my snake?
I have a bit of a buzzing or rattling noise that come from the inside of my car's dash when I do not have the accelerator pedal engaged. It is typically when the automatic transmission is in a lower gear 1-3.......and it comes and goes. Any ideas on the cause? This is a tough one.
Is covid a hoax?
I want to start learning a new language, could you give me some information?
Do you know of ways one can relieve back pain outside of surgery and physical therapy?
How do you keep others from eavesdropping on your conversation?
How can I learn about stocks?
Is the latest Xbox going to go down in price for blackfriday?
What is the United States Coast Guard?
I need help learning how to make sugar cookies from scratch.
How do I keep my kids from crawling into my bed?
Which one is harder to learn, French or Spanish?
Does piyo help you lose weight?
Do countries with Universal Healthcare have better overall health outcomes?
What is the best method to make quesadillas?
How can I train my pet to listen to me
Is web design still in high demand?
I like to game on the PC, but my wrist hurts after a while. Any suggestions on how to get past that?
What are ways that people hack online games to cheat against other players?
Why is almost everyone afraid of snakes?
I'm trying to learn a few common words in Mandarin. Can you help me?
What kind of unique health benefits do nuts like walnuts, almonds and peanuts give people?
What are places to visit in Mississippi?
How do I make amends with someone?
There are some pretty luxurious ships for millionaires, what is the most expensive one?
How do I keep my hands from feeling cold?
How do I make a parfait?
Can you explain what rabies is?
How do I remove blackheads from my face?
Who is Blake Lively?
Please give me the 7 day forecast for the next week.
I heard the computer vulnerability, log4J, is harmful malware that can access personal information. Do you know anything about this?
I just moved into a new house and we don't have a mailbox. Can people still deliver mail?
I need to learn some weather words in Polish.
Can you describe the World War 1?
I wonder why I can't put saltwater fish in a freshwater tank?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Buko Pie?
I haven't cleaned my gutters in a few years. What are the consequences of never cleaning them?
I’m trying to decide on what Apple watch to buy
if my child has a disability but has not realized it yet should i tell her?
What are ways that I can practice being open minded?
How do I fall asleep quicker after waking up?
Why would you neuter a dog?
What can you do at a National Park?
Search for a pumpkin cheesecake recipe
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Can you help me learn more about the Vietnam War?
Can I grow tomatoes in my backyard?
Hi, I hear disco was popular in the 1970s and into the 1980s. Can you help me put together a playlist of the most popular and influential disco songs, so that I can get a good overview of the genre?
Is it safe to walk in Central Park at night?
I don't know what to do after graduating from University, can you please help?
How can I keep crickets out of my home?
I have tickets to a music festival. What can I expect from the festival?
I'd like to learn about the stock market.
I just got a new dog. What are some games to play with it?
I'm trying to learn how to grow the biggest pumpkins
I want to help an environment and one way I can think of is through changing the way I do laundry. What green ways can I do laundry?
What do people mean when they say 'cry me a river?'
How do I fix a small leak in the roof?
How do you stay on task at work?
What are some good comedy movies?
I want to start investing in crypto currency, what's the best way to start?
I have a bunch of potatoes that are going to go bad soon. What are some different recipes for potatoes?
What is the most dangerous animal that lives today?
I've heard that lightning strikes can be a cause of death for farmers, due to them being on flat plains during storms. What are some of the risks of being struck by lightning as a farmer?
What do you think the chances are of nukes being used in the future?
How can I trace a shorted wire in my car's electrical system?
How do you check if a surge protector is still working?
What are the best places to get falafel in Palo Alto?
I want to write a complaint letter to a company that sold me a faulty product. Can you give me guidance on how to best format this letter?
Is a college professor a good career?
What kind of flowers are the easiest to grow for beginners?
WHat is jeopardy
I have heard that being too agreeable can be a problem. Can you tell me how being too agreeable can be a downside?
What are some Christmas cartoons for kids?
Can you help me say "Where is the pharmacy" in a few different languages?
How do I get a great Christmas tree
How do treat skin abrasion?
what are some good rappers from the 90s?
How do we know evolution is real?
Which one of these states was the first to be created: Oklahoma, Texas, California, Virginia?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shumai?
How do I make tacos al pastor?
I'm trying to learn more about bats, can you help me with that?
How do I put up a fence in my backyard?
What is the softest metal?
What is the capital of New Zealand? I'm going to book a flight next week.
What time of the year can I start seeing groundhogs come out of hibernation?
How do I put blonde streaks in my hair?
How can I buy a Gucci purse?
What can I tap dance on if I don't have appropriate flooring?
Where can I find great pizza in Sacramento?
Is the US's education better than Sweden's educational system?
Can you recommend some music? I like the classical works of Tchaikovsky, and Mozart.
Where can I go in Orlando with kids?
are tampons ok for children to use?
What is the difference between a first cousin and a second cousin?
How do I motivate my child to get good grades?
Can you describe the Adventureland area of Disneyland, for example, which attractions are there?
How can I pickle green tomatoes?
Why do some people seem so insistent that the Apple iPhone is superior to Android?
How hot is the surface of the Sun?
How do I make guacamole?
Do I need to soak navy beans before I cook them on the stove?
I'm looking for a good book to read. I've been reading a lot of nonfiction lately and I'd like to try something different.
Ani deFranco is such a gifted singer and songwriter. What are some of her big hits?
Would you pass the Turing test?
How far away can the best binoculars see away from?
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
How much smarter is a human vs a chimpanzee or monkey in terms of iq?
What is the best wine to pair with Beef Wellington?
Could you explain to the process of making soda to me?
How do you end a running application in Win 10 using the task manager?
Is the golden retriever a good dog breed?
What should I know about routine vehicle maintenance?
How can I break up with someone peacefully?
What is the biggest park in the U.S.?
Please tell me about the Louvre Museum.
What's the best code to built a retail website with?
Is information technology a good career?
What are places to visit in Utah?
How can I sit best to make my posture really great?
How can I make my own whip cream?
How are golf balls made?
Do you think you can teach me about the higgs boson?
Is it easy to make a living as a professional poker player?
How do you become a CIA agent?
Hi, I hear the Doors are an important band in the history of rock music. Can you help me put together a playlist of their best work so that I can familiarize myself with their body of work?
What is the best way to store fruit?
Which items should I bring with me to the beach?
I recently began taking care of my elderly grandmother. Do you have any tips on how to help her?
What are some vitamins I can take for skin health?
I'm going to France and want to learn some dessert-related words in French.
How do clean a laptop keyboard?
Who is Sonia Sotomayor?
What is the proper way to stuff a turkey?
What are the risks of a tummy tuck?
I need to book a trip to cancun
How many planets are there?
Are plastic bags bad for the environment?
What is John 14:6?
Should I move to San francisco?
How can I get better at painting?
What is basic training?
I want to watch an action movie with a female lead and no sex scenes. What would you recommend?
Is there a good recipe for banana bread?
What does having relationship mean?
I want to know more about Lady Gaga? Is she married?
Will we eventually lose the right to drive ourselves when the automotive technology comes available for cars to drive themselves?
I fell in mud and now I have a stain on my jeans. Can you help me remove the stain?
I don't really understand the electoral college. Can you explain it to me?
What is Whatsapp?
I need to get a new vacuum cleaner. Which one should I buy?
How do 'I sign up for Netflix?
Where should I visit in Istanbul?
I wonder how long, the average pair of socks, lasts? Might be good to order supplies, on schedule.
Who is Jennifer Anniston?
what can i make with rotisserie chicken from the deli?
Which web browser gets hacked the most? I thought perhaps Internet Explorer.
Hi, I just purchased a ball python. What do I need to do, and buy, to care for it?
How did Lady Gaga get her name?
I'd like to get a powerful EDC (every day carry) flashlight. I want something small enough to fit in my pocket but powerful enough to have at least 1000 lumens at its max power.
I'm looking for some new music to listen to. I usually like EDM with Avicii and Galantis being two of my favourite artists. What other songs or artists could I listen to?
What is a white elephant gift?
If I own my house about how much will I need for every year of retirement for living expenses?
What are some national parks that would make a great family road trip in the west coast?
What are some flavored sodas to serve at a party?
How do I become an exercise instructor?
How did Ted Turner make his money?
What can the kids make for a trip to the nursing home?
How do you become a travel agent?
Can you help me figure out the locations of sprinklers in my yard to draw a diagram?
Hi, I have to find the perimeter of an octagon for my math class. Can you explain how to do that?
How can I get all the amino acids I need if I'm a vegan?
What are ways to safely introduce a dog to a cat?
What is Chicago style pizza
How can I tie dye?
I need to learn how to order from a menu in Portugal. Can you help me?
Why are babies so adorable?
What are some good Japanese anime shows for girls?
What is the best time of the year to plant new orchids?
put down a wood floor in my living room
Can you walk me through a recipe for baking my own pizza?
How should I clean plexiglass?
Please tell me what I can see in New Zealand.
Can you explain how 3D printing works?
I'm joining the military and I've heard a lot about something called BUD/S. What is that? It's some sort of training.
What are some fun activities for kids to do in the snow?
How can I find my way out if I'm lost in the woods?
Is it possible to distill my own whiskey at home?
what is the largest lake in Texas
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa Borracha?
How do you become a contestant on a game show?
I heard that Potbelly pigs make great pets and I'm thinking about getting one. Are they good pets?
Which company was the first to developed a Smart Phone?
Man has been making art for a long time, do you know what the oldest record of man made art is from?
Find Steve McQueen movies
I want to learn how to make gingerbread cookies, can you give me an easy to follow recipe?
Can you recommend me a good standalone scifi book that came out in the last few years?
The Great Sphinx of Giza, is one of the most famous sculptures in the world. Who created it, and what's the history of that sculpture?
What are the summer solstice and winter solstice?
What time of the year should I plant cabbage in my garden if I live on the east coast?
How can kids keep from getting bored on a long car ride?
What is cumin used for?
What kinds of foods should I give my dad who has heart problems?
How can I tie dye?
Is well water safe to drink?
How can I remove an ink stain from my clothes?
How can I go about creating my own religion?
the bulls are in 3rd place in the east are they going to the finals
What are the steps involved in planning for a funeral?
How do you make the sauce for sweet and sour chicken?
My husband just divorced me. How can I get over my broken heart?
Can you tell me how hone air conditioners work?
What is a cats closest relative?
How do I market my business on social media?
I want to make a cinnamon loaf cake. I know how to make it, but do you know which kitchen tools I need?
what are places to go in phuket?
I'm trying to gather information on Rocco's Basilisk for a presentation. What can you tell me about that?
Do you know if there's a way a person can track their carbon footprint related to their driving?
My company recently recieved a cease and desist, can you explain what this means?
How can I prevent or relieve a bloated stomach?
Can you tell me how refineries and the oil supply affects the oil market and prices?
What is a living will?
Can you tell me if goats are native to Asia?
How can I throw a baby doll themed party?
How do I make homemade whipped cream?
how do i know if a child is ready to take care of a cat?
How do you take your coffee?
How big was the Roman Empire at it's peak?
I want to buy a dog for my family but I have very young kids. Are certain breeds known to be better with kids?
Are Chromebooks a good first choice for kids?
I am looking for some older music to listen to. What were some of the popular music artists from the 1960s?
Was Santa real at one time?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Om Ali?
how can i interpret the bible better?
What are some salty snacks besides chips?
Is Tesla merging with SolarCity Corp.?
Hi, my friends have invited me to go to a strip club with them, and I've never been to one before. What can I expect there.? What kind of etiquette will I have to follow?
Can you help me write an essay on the Great Gatsby? My thesis is "the American dream is a lie and the Great Gatsby proves it"
Is it true that most other countries offer free college? Or is this misinformation.
Can you give me advice on properly maintaining a car?
Hello, What makes someone a reliable friend?
How do I teach someone to do long division
What are the differences between a short sale for a home and a typical home sale?
What can I see in Singapore?
How can I comfort a teenager that has been rejected from their favorite college?
Does Mariah Carey do any songs about Christmas songs?
I was wondering what kind of cup keeps drinks hottest the longest.
who are some good renaissance painters?
Where do they get banana flavoring? It doesn't exactly taste like a real banana.
Search for best ac/dc songs.
Can you help me find a podcast that is similar to one that I listen to?
Where's the optimal location to install a weathervane?
Would you help me learn more about the video game Crysis.
what are some good sides I can have with ribs?
What are some ways I can keep my email safe from spam?
I would like some gift ideas on what to get my 4-year-old niece for christmas.
I want to get more calcium in my diet
Can you suggest a good set of headphones for $150?
How do you heat up leftover fish?
What are some types of lean meat?
Is Hawaii a fun place to go on vacation?
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
How long has Dateline NBC been around?
Is waxing good for hair removal?
What are some news channels I can watch?
what are some common things people put on their bucket lists?
Hi! I've been with my long-term partner for several years now and I want to bring back more flirting into the relationship. Could you give me some relationship advice?
Where can I sell my items under auction online?
Do you have any good turkey sandwich recipes?
How do I start a garden in my backyard?
What is your name?
How can I develop better public speaking skills?
How should I baste a turkey?
Does Mariah Carey do any songs about Christmas songs?
What should I do if I find mold in my house?
What happens when there's a mistrial in a court case?
Can you help me to understand solar flares?
Please compile a list of the top techno DJ's prevalent during the years 1990-2000.
How is an IPA beer different than an APA beer?
I'm interested in learning more about astronomy. Where should I start?
I want to tell my therapist I’m thankful for her help. What should I say?
Do you like stories?
Can you name the three major credit reporting bureaus?
How should I dress when attending a funeral?
I need to learn some weather words in Finnish.
How do I make a frappe?
I'm trying to learn about crime in a certain neighborhood
I'd like to learn more about Thanksgiving. For starters, what day is Thanksgiving on?
Search for avocado toast recipe.
Can you cover up tattoo's?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Saice?
How do I trick kids into eating vegetables?
What are some recipes that use bell peppers?
What should you get your dad for Christmas?
How do kids end up in foster care?
How do I get over fear of hitting my head when doing a handstand?
I am doing a book report on Edgar Cayce. Can you provide me with a list of his predictions that were proven to come true?
What are some good ways to celebrate 4th of july at home?
What kind of fruits can I use to make a custard fruit tart?
What's the difference between fantasy books and high fantasy?
How do I change a wound dressing?
How do you heat up leftover fish?
Find a low interest credit card.
what are ways to make money online from writing?
Do you like stories?
Hi, I'm trying to train my dog to roll over. Can you help me do that?
How can I improve my public speaking skills?
How do you debone the pin bones from a piece of fish filet?
How does bluetooth work, essentially? I've never really thought about it up until now.
Can you tell me the nutrients in strawberries?
Experiencing Covid symptoms
What country is the most prosperous?
What are some foods I can put zucchini in?
What are ways to help a child with performance anxiety, say like in sports?
What kind of gift can you give a party hostess?
What can I get as a present for a ten year old who loves to write?
How can I get my kids to sit still for photos?
What is a dental implant?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
What's the difference between AC and DC current?
How do I prevent pimples from forming?
I want to start a youtube channel but I dont know where to begin, can you help?
How can I learn to make wine at home?
I'm having a vegetarian over for dinner and I have no idea what to make him, because most of what my family eats is meat. What are some easy to make vegetarian dishes?
How can I stop my vomiting bout after food poisoning?
Do you think you can provide some information about the last ice age?
How do I stop eyeliner from smudging?
Should I take a vacation or put a down payment on a house?
What are pros and cons of using a digital assistant like Alexa?
How you remove a rusty screw that's probably stuck?
What animal would be the dominate life form on Earth if humans weren't here?
Can you give some examples of tobacco exporting countries?
Would Paris be a fun place to take a vacation?
Why does aged wine taste better than new wine?
Why does a helium balloon float in the air?
Find Eliza Dushku movies
I'm using a noise maker to help me fall sleep. It plays rain and thunder sounds. Are there any other nature sounds that might be soothing to sleep to?
I'm unsure of where to invest my money. I know very little about stocks but might be interested in learning more about them. Can you direct me on where to begin?
Hi, my friend wants me to come hiking with him next weekend, and I've never been on a hike before. What do I need to do to prepare for it?
what are some fun things to do in el paso, texas?
What do I do if my dog is sprayed by a skunk?
How should I drive a car in foggy conditions?
How do I make homemade strawberry jam?
Should you take potassium?
How do I keep a dog who sleeps outside warm?
What are some ways to improve efficiency when doing house cleaning chores?
What are some good modern opera singers?
Haven't heard from the band AC/DC in ages. What are a few of their big hits?
I'm trying to decide on a type of mattress
Do people choose there sexuality or is it the way they were born?
What are some good locations to observe a sunrise?
What scents do you recommend for aromatherapy?
I would like some information on the 40th president of the united states of america.
What was the most popular snack in 1999?
How do I get myself to drink more water?
How many glasses of water should people drink every day, on average?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lapin aux Pruneaux?
What material should my pans be if I cook a lot of meats?
Hello. Are you any good at recommending books?
How do you keep from getting sick in the winter?
Can you give me instructions for making a Boston Cream Pie?
Why are some trees poisonous to humans?
what are things i should do besides brushing teeth?
How do I prevent the formation of ice dams on my roof?
What is there to do at Angel Island State Park?
What are some fun role playing games to play with Barbie?
My kids love Nickeoleon, how can I make slime for them?
Can you help me figure out how I should fix a loose wallpaper seam? Are there quick ways to fix this problem?
Hi, I want to teach my dog to sit. Can you explain how I could do that?
I have two citrus trees. One is lemon and the other is lime. Will they change each others taste if they are planted too close?
I would like to get a dog but do not want a breed that has too much energy or require an active owner.
What are some popular EDM music artists?
Are roller coasters bad for your health?
How can I add calcium to soil?
Why do people like to go on cruises?
I'm taking a trip to Rome. Can you tell me some of the most popular landmarks and attractions to visit?
Hi, my homework requires me to find the volume of a sphere. Can you explain how to do that?
Get directions from Orlando, FL to Green Bay, WI
Hey Assistant, do you know how to play the game HANGMAN?
Do you know why in some parts of the country, Hardee's is called Carl's Jr even though its the same restaurant?
I heard there may have been a rivalry between Sammy Davis Jr. and Frank Sinatra, any thoughts?
How can I tie dye shoes?
My friend is interested in getting a dog. She is not sure whether she should adopt or purchase one from the pet store. She has a two-year-old child.
What are some cakes I can make with fruit?
Does taking a bath or a shower use more water?
I want to scale Mount Everest. What steps should I take to prepare myself?
I'm thinking about migrating to Europe. Do you think it's a good idea?
I would like to know a bit of history regarding WW2 for a blog I am writing. Can you help?
How did China build the wall of china?
How do I rewire a house?
How can I talk like a newscaster?
I want to train and become a boxer. How do I start?
Can you tell me how to find out what type of engine my car has?
How do you clear clogged toilet without a plunger?
how can i get back to sleep in the middle of the night?
How can I help a 7 year old learn math?
What cosmetics do people use to reduce wrinkles?
My child just lost her first tooth and she's expecting a gift from the tooth fairy.
How should I store jewelry?
Do you know what a person should do if they become stuck in quicksand?
how should i dress to go to church?
How many times a day should a child brush their teeth?
What are some methods for adding spiciness to food?
Would you be able to explain the differences between the Spanish and Italian language?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn some of the language.
Are wild boars native to North America of were they brought over?
Can you teach me a bit about what the paleo diet is?
When do Cyber Monday sales start?
What is a good streaming music site for playing Christmas music?
I heard that corn originated from North America, is that true?
Are birds warm blooded or cold blooded animals?
Is it safe to vaccinate kids against COVID-19?
How can I prevent nearsightedness?
What is a good age to get married?
What is the second hardest material after diamond?
Can you provide me some details on Restorative yoga?
Can you explain the difference between torque and horsepower?
Who is O.J. Simpson?
How do I stop eyeliner from smudging?
What are some good safety tips for trick or treating?
I have a clog in my kitchen sink, what do I do?
I wanna learn how to crochet?
What is Gofundme?
What's the safest way to pay for a house and lot in cash? Bringing a lot of actual cash with me seems unsafe. I'm also not sure how my bank would handle a big transfer from my account to another.
What are some common things that people collect as a hobby? I need the answer in a list format.
Do you think you can give me some information about what marxism is?
Making women wear clothing that covers them head to toe seems so weird, why do they do it?
It is time to decorate for Christmas. How can I make my home look like a winter wonderland?
how do i know when to change my toothbrush?
How do you lose weight fast?
What suggestions do you have for improving one's credit score?
What are some essential tools that I should have at home?
How does CGI work?
Can you give me some pointers on how to kayak?
Do you think NASA's Voyager program will ever send back more pictures?
What is a secret santa exchange?
What is a good vegetarian option for Thanksgiving get togethers?
How do you deal with a difficult landlord?
I'm planning a trip to Sydney, Australia. Can you point me in the direction of some popular tourist spots and attractions?
I want to visit an island with a good beach. Do you know of any?
Are birds warm blooded or cold blooded animals?
Do you know any low-cost side hustles I could do in my spare time?
Hi, I need to find the area of a rectangle for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
What are the best tasting onions?
I'm trying to negotiate a big deal with a large company. I don't have a lot of negotiation experience—how do I make sure I don't get screwed over?
is it ok to feed a rabbit snacks sometimes?
Can you tell me what the process of becoming a priest is like?
what is the most reliable luxury car?
I'm looking for some video game recommendations. I'd like a fun FPS game for the PC, do you know any?
What are some dance moves I should learn for attending a wedding?
What is 2FA?
Describe to me the type of work a pediatrician doctor does
How are people tested for an allergy?
Are there any good ways to kill or repel house flies?
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
Is peanut butter healthy?
Can you tell me what happened during the war on Pearl Harbor
Why did England go to war with Argentina?
Is there a way to prevent dust build up on monitor screen?
I am doing some research and I'd like to know who the original inhabitants of North America were. Do you know?
Should you throw out your sponge or try to sanitize it?
Is it possible to train yourself to jump higher? If so, how?
What Year was Duke Nukem 3D released?
Hi, I've been drinking every day for a few weeks now, and I'm experiencing withdrawal symptoms when I try to stop. How can I safely detox from alcohol?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
Do you know why people in Japan are so much skinnier on average than people in the USA?
I want to learn how to ride a bike, any advice you can give me?
Do you have any book recommendations for learning math used in construction?
I'd like one day to swim with dolphins in the wild, do you think it's possible?
Can you tell me some home remedies for a sore throat?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
In a few bullets, summarize the movie Titanic for me
What is a real ID?
Could you help me learn about the Intervention of Haiti in 1994?
start running what is best way to start
Do left-handed scissors, tend to work very well? I'm left-handed, and I've had to adapt and use right hand scissors. The angles are confusing.
Should I buy a Chromebook or a Windows computer?
I'm trying to see when the Arc D'Triomphe was constructed. Can you help?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Kopi Lethok?
How do I know if I have anxiety?
How often should I have my teeth cleaned and examined?
Are the Burmese Pythons native to North America?
What is the best way to make a friend?
How do I make rice krispie treats?
What is the purpose of an air compressor?
How do I get my kids to drink more milk?
what do i do about my little nephew who always strips off his clothes?
I'm thinking about visiting a zoo in the future, but have concerns about the ethical treatment of the animals. Have zoos changed much, to be safer and more comfortable for animals overall?
I am writing a paper and I need it to include words descriptive of nature
What are good places to visit in Monterrey, Mexico?
My "friend" spilled red wine all over my new white carpet
Is online IQ test an accurate indicator of intelligence?
I need to find the best website to purchase a textbook for. Can you recommend cheap textbook websites?
Are you familiar with Planet Mercury?
How do I tie a fishing hook on a line?
Is it possible for an asteroid to be primarily made out of gold?
What can I tap dance on if I don't have appropriate flooring?
Were pigeons important at all historically?
Which small appliances are a must have for the kitchen?
What happens to a congressman when he gets censured by congress?
When were the Everglades established as a National Park?
What is the best method to make quesadillas?
What should I do if my boss is always mean to me?
What is 2FA?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mpotor Mpotor?
Can you tell me the difference between the civil and criminal courts in the American justice system?
What are some good oldies songs from the 50s-60s?
How can I keep roaches out of my house
How do you restart Win 10?
What is the best time of the year to plant Sun Flowers in my garden?
What is a heat warning?
How do you cook ramen?
How do I paint my face like a clown?
DO astronauts experience any problems later in life from their time in space?
I wanna identify examples of how neuroethics applies to every day life. Do you have any examples?
What are the different ways to cook eggs for breakfast?
How do I learn how to ice skate?
What is rocket fuel made out of?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Red Red?
What are some side dishes to make with roast beef?
I'm trying to figure out how honey is produced from bees, is this something you can help me with?
How long will a cooked turkey last in the refrigerator?
Who invented Duct Tape?
I want to make $100 a day online. What are the best ways to do this?
how do i know when to get baptized?
Can you list some examples of chemical reaction?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chapati?
What is astral projection?
At this point in my life by signature is basically illegible. Could this cause any problems for me professionally or financially, or does it not matter?
How do I clean an upholstered chair?
How did World War I begin?
What do I do if my infant is choking on something?
What can you tell me about the Kosovo war?
What is the maine state tree?
Hi, how does a car engine work?
How do I learn how to swim?
Please show me a list of planets starting from the one closest from the sun.
What age group has the highest divorce rate?
Is there a good recipe for banana bread?
Can you tell me what happened in the 2008 stock market crash? What caused it?
How do you make popcorn with a popcorn machine?
Are humans the only beings with consciousness?
The adverts on YouTube are so annoying. How do I make them stop?
What year was the Nintendo 64 invented?
I was staring at my cat and wondering, where does the myth of cats having 9 lives come from?
How do add money to Google Pay?
I'm starting a new job this week. How can I have a smooth transition to a new work environment?
How do you serve Brie
How do you make a simple fort?
I'm getting a little bored with my usual breakfast routine. What are some fun and unique breakfast ideas?
Can you describe the differences between autotrophs and heterotrophs?
What are some types of lean meat?
What are salads that have honey as an ingredient in them?
Is Disney on Ice worth it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Liberian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Palm Butter Soup?
What do you think about long hair for boys?
I have been gaining weight and want to start exercising. How should I begin?
Find an egg salad recipe
What is the process to get a CPR certification?
what state is the largest producer of peaches in the US?
Can I find a recipe for pecan pie?
What is a cover letter?
How can I ease period pain?
Osiris seemed to be a mystical character, in Egyptian mythology. What's the basic story of Osiris?
How can I comfort a child whose cat has died?
Can you help me write a poem?
Are there Mormons practicing outside of Utah?
I wanted to buy a new clock for my bedroom wall. What are some of the most popular clocks?
I'm trying to find out more information on President Andrew Johnson, can you help?
What are all the steps I need to do to become an airline pilot?
How do you shoot a three pointer in basketball?
I have a 3-month-old child. Is it too soon to get them a kitten?
Is it safe to vaccinate kids against COVID-19?
Can you list some essential oils? I know there are many so you can just pick a few at random. You don't have to list everything.
What does consuming too much sugar do to a person?
What is some easy car maintenance I can do myself to save money?
I really like the group Outkast, and I want to find some similar artists
What is the proper way to spell "separate?
Whats the best 3d printer to buy?
What are some basic skills a ten year old should have for a computer?
What is the most popular song ever written?
How do I clean a carpet?
How do I keep my heart healthy?
What is Independence Day in the United States?
how many cats is too many?
How can I show my elderly mom that I care? She's in a nursing home.
I'm trying to make money fast. Do you know any ways?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn how to say "I'm allergic" in a few languages. Can you help me?
I want to visit Yogyakarta in Indonesia. Can you tell me about this city?
How do you apply to college?
Hi, I just bought a new car. What are the things I'll need to do to maintain it and keep it running?
Can you tell me what 5g is and how it works?
I'd like to soothe a friend who recently broke one of their fingers. Do you have suggestions?
I want to visit Tennessee. Do you happen to know what are the general attractions there?
how do i make easy sugar cookies ?
what age is a good age to start learning piano and why?
How do I get dried paint off of clothes?
How do I get rats out of my house, and keep them out?
What are some movies about karate?
Did they use to use animal intestines for condoms before the advent of rubber?
What is it called Cesar salad?
How can I keep my passwords safe?
What does HIV do to a person?
What are some cheap gifts to give for Christmas?
What are some traditional Mexican tortas I can make?
Why do people need to be good at math to do computer programming?
As people enter their 50s and later in age, what are important nutrients that people need to make sure, they are getting daily?
Find a recipe for shepherd's pie soup
Did Ronald Reagan get the Russians to tear down the Berlin wall?
My cat is pregnant and I was looking for advice on what to do when she is ready to give birth?
Could a person live off the grid relatively simply, with just a few thousand dollars? I've often wondered if living in the woods cut off from society, might be an option.
How can I make money in the stock market?
I'm going to Italy and want to learn some dessert-related words in Italian.
I'm getting two new kittens. Do you have any recommendations on how to make sure they get along?
What are the benefits of red wine?
Is it true we can live with only one kidney?
How do you become a foreign exchange student?
Is there a certain way that firewood should be stacked for storage?
How can I decorate my house for 4th of July?
I'm trying to find places to visit in Barcelona.
How do I get to Allentown PA from NYC?
A tick bit me while I was on a hike yesterday. What should I do about the wound?
What are the advantages of getting a flu shot?
I have a ten year old who gets an allowance. Should the two year old get one as well?
How can I make balloon animals?
is my neighbor moving
Which animated TV series do you recommend for adults?
What are some inspirational superheroes for kids?
I'm writing the first line of my blog post and it goes something like this
How do I make a breakfast sandwich?
Can you tell me how to determine the cost of installing cabinets in my home?
What kind of trees do lanternflys attack?
What are some cool things to do in San Jose?
Are trains safe to travel in?
What are some interesting things in nature I could sketch?
How do I perform a three point turn around?
What fighting styles are good for self defense?
Find the best Bradley Cooper movies
Hi, I've never much listened to heavy metal. Can you give me some suggestions about bands, albums, and songs I might want to check out, to familiarize myself with the genre?
Is there a way to make a cat shed less?
What does it mean when they say lien?
I need to find out some information on the video game console GameCube.
Do you know the singer Adele?
Should you fill your gas tank in the winter?
can you give me an advice on how should I tell my parents that I failed half of my subjects
Hi, I never really listened to KISS, but I hear they're an important band. Can you help me create a playlist of their most popular and influential songs and albums, so that I can get an overview of their body of work?
Doctor Phil, has been around a while, yet he's had some credibility issues in the past. Do you know much about him, or what his controversies might be?
How can I catalog my record collection?
What are some good day trips from Phoenix, AZ?
What does a caterer do?
How do I keep my hands from feeling cold?
Can you help me find the basics of bird watchin?
What does it mean to be lactose intolerant?
is captain planet still on tv somewhere?
I have an assignment that I need to work on, how does the shells multiply?
Is it hard to become a speech language pathologist?
What does it mean when a baby animal imprints?
I want to get a birthday gift for my neighbor but I'm not sure what to get her. Can you help me decide on something?
Do you have any good suggestions of what to do with old coffee grinds?
I've never been on a plane before, so I'm not familiar with what customs is. Can you explain what claiming things at customs means?
I want to teach my dog a new trick, could you give me some tips on how I could teach him how to spin?
How do I make potatoes au gratin?
How can I get tree sap off my car
How do you wax a car?
How do I make a Mojito?
How can I lower my cholesterol?
I would like to learn about how fans work.
How do you make banana pancakes?
Do you have any information about the new coronavirus variant Omikron?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
Find Clint Eastwood movies
Do bees die if you put water on them?
What time period did the velociraptor live in?
Find Ed Sheeran songs
What is the best trip to take on a train?
How do I become a camp counselor?
Hello, I am trying to find a math tutor for my child
How can I put my hair in a messy bun?
What is the typical weight of a single D battery?
My kids want to get a rabbit for a pet. Can you give me advice on owning a pet rabbit?
What is astral projection?
I am in the mood for coffee tonight! Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for Irish coffee?
How can I grow my own peppers?
What are some caffeine filled items I can consume?
Did Google Corp change its name to something else?
Can you give me a recipe for blueberry pie?
I was thinking about the company Microsoft when I was upgrading my computer yesterday. Can you tell me when it was founded?
Why are they using private rockets to get into space now?
what if i come across wolf cubs in the wild?
How do I make homemade gravy?
getting another blood test this week for low platelet and white cell count
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
Hey! I procrastinated Christmas shopping so now I desperately need help planning last minute Christmas gifts
Do you know what the cheapest way to watch tv is?
Where is silicon mined?
What is the purpose of daylight savings time
What are some places to visit in Guanajuato?
Who is Bruce Blackman?
How do I stop from misplacing my phone?
What are some things I can do in Berlin?
how can i make a smoothie with tofu?
I'm travelling this summer and need to ask for a taxi in different languages.
How can I get rid of termites?
Can you recommend some music? I like the classical works of Tchaikovsky, and Mozart.
I need some ideas on repurposing old magazines.
Is it better to pay with a debit card or credit card for online purchases?
Will there be a riot?
I want to make a carrot cake but vegan style. So what things should I avoid putting into it if I want to make it vegan?
Can you list some examples of string musical instruments?
how can i relocate a bee hive?
What is the most dangerous animal that lives today?
Why do the old Roman buildings have so many pillars all over the place?
How do you make spam musubi?
What is conveyor belt sushi?
What are ways to support women go have misogynistic family members?
Do flea collars work?
What are Agatha Christie's best books?
How can I do more networking and make some important friends?
I'd like to learn how to be a computer programmer, can you help?
How can I cook food while camping?
I need help finding a new TV show to watch
How can I teach my kids to save money?
How can I learn to be less selfish?
How do I get a child interested in STEM?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Challah?
How do you stop a pet cat from engaging in undesirable behaviors, for example, scratching furniture or carpet?
World War II, was such a huge experience for the world. I'm trying to remember the date ranges, and the casualties lost. Are you familiar with any of those numbers?
What is the best use SEO?
What type of filament is used in light bulbs?
How do I teach my kids to keep their toys tidy?
Has the Supreme Court always been 9 justices?
What year did the first set of Magic the Gathering cards release?
How do you choose a sunscreen?
Hi, I want to work on my abs and hip flexors. Can you explain how to do a sit up?
What are some good toys to buy for an older child?
What are some good ways to sharpen knives?
Can you recommend some ways to propose marriage to my girlfriend?
find a private school that does not do traditional schooling
What is the best way to format a resume?
How can I make a sales funnel that converts?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pol Sambola?
How much sleep should a woman in her 30s be getting every night on average?
Who are some of the best renaissance artists?
About how long would it take if I wanted to travel to Florida from Maryland by car?
Can you help me learn a few common phrases in Hungarian?
what fair is the largest fair in Massachusettes
Why can flies always find their way into a window but never back outside?
Which gifts should I avoid giving to people during Christmas?
How do musicians make money from Spotify?
How can I make my own CBD oil?
How do I become a better soccer player?
How can one treat a jellyfish sting?
How do I become a good storyteller?
Why are some people allowed to amass so much money?
Can you tell me which European countries have the best standard of living?
What is the best way to apologize to someone?
I'd like to go to a professional stylist for my hair, but I've never been to one before and I don't know what to expect. How expensive can these hair cuts be?
What time of the year is it best to visit Japan?
Can you give some examples of grains?
When it comes to overall satisfaction, I wonder which computer brands, have the best reputation? Sony seems to be one.
What is the worst prison in the US to be sentenced time to?
What are the symptoms of bubonic plague in humans?
What is it like to get a covid test?
Why should one age meat?
How do I make chocolate fondue?
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
I don't communicate with my assistant well and they're always misinterpreting what I want them to do. How can I improve this?
I need help making a relaxing music playlist that's good for studying.
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some common phrases. Can you help me?
How many ounces should I drink in a day?
I'm travelling abroad and need ask for the train station in different languages. Can you help?
I'm looking for a show that is similar to the show Shameless.
I wanna learn how to brew my own beer
Can you describe to me characteristics of Amber colored eyes? For example, physical characteristics and where the eye color is frequently found.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Trucha con Hierbas?
What are the rules of the card game solitaire?
I want to write a Haiku. Can you help?
I'm looking for a good book. Any good detective novels, you recommend?
I want to know what purpose parentheses serve in an algebraic operation
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Boulets Liegeois?
Is gold magnetic at all?
What are some instruments I should pick up if I want to learn jazz music?
Do you have any suggestions on a new murder mystery book to read?
What is a good medium sized breed of dog?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Chicha de Maíz?
How can I encourage my kid to go out and play more?
How should I organize my closet?
What are the types of filament for a 3d printer?
Hi, I have this board game called Clue, and I'd like to play it with my friends, but I don't really understand the rules. Can you explain the game to me?
What are some of the best horror movies from the 1960s?
what are cool multiplayer games for nintendo switch?
How do I make my own chicken stock?
I've read that some places in Texas offer rewards for killing wild boars? Why is this? are they that big of a problem?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rupjmaizes Zupa?
What is bayalage
What movie won the Oscar Best Picture award in 2020?
How often should you go for an eye exam?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kartupeļu Pankūkas?
Can you tell me how best to care for a lavender plant?
What is a hiatal hernia?
What are some popular Italian herbs?
What can you cook in an air fryer?
How can I install new wall tiles in my shower?
how do i prepare fish for cooking?
I've heard sniffing paint is bad for you. Why?
What can I put in hard shell tacos?
What kind of socks do you think would keep my feet most warm
Get directions from Orlando, FL to Green Bay, WI
Find the best study techniques for new college students
What is a sweet way to tell someone I miss them?
What's the easiest way to transfer files from a phone to a pc?
I am very pale, but I'd like to be tan. What are some of the ways I can get my skin to look tanner?
What happened to Frosty the Snowman
What can you tell me about how Buddhist monks live?
What is a good way to teach my 11 year old son how to play checkers?
I'm thinking about moving to a new city in the U.S. Can you recommend one? I currently live in New York.
How did man discover fire?
What is inflation and is it bad?
I would like to make a gift for my mother rather than buying one. What are some homemade gift ideas?
How can I speed up my metabolism?
Why am I not as hungry in my 40s
How do you scratch an itchy part on you back if you can't reach it?
What's the most successful modern movie franchise in Hollywood?
I have to teach a child who the people are in a court. There are many different people working inside the court room, who are they? Can you help me identify them?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What is the best time of the year to plant Sun Flowers in my garden?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
How does a union protect you at work?
What is mono?
Why hasn't America or any other country tried to help the starving people in North Korea? Why do we allow their government to oppress them?
Can you tell me about the different types of ballroom dancing?
How can I get rid of termites?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Koeksisters?
Have any foods, been shown to fight cancer, in scientific studies?
When writing a company description, what should I include in the description?
How do I know if a mattress is the right firmness for me?
What was the Renaissance period like?
Lately I have the song Jingle Bells stuck in my head. Can you suggest other songs similar to Jingle Bells?
If someone is a big fan of the books of Dostoevsky, which other authors might they like?
What should a person do if they fall through ice on a lake?
How do you draw a horse?
How much money should I set aside for a kid's college fund?
What is a dutch baby?
I have had a chronic cough for a month now. Should I be concerned?
What can I do to reuse a lot of extra cardboard?
How often should you replace windows in your house?
Octopuses are such strange creatures. I hear they can change colors. How would that be possible?
Do you have any book recommendations for learning math used in construction?
Can a ceiling fan kill you in your sleep?
what supplies should I prepare for a potential hurricane?
How do I understand a bible verse?
Can you walk me through a recipe for making banana bread?
I'm thinking about moving. Where can I sell my house at?
What is better for your back, sleeping on a spring mattress, or a synthetic ones, like the Purple Mattress?
How do I detail my car?
I suffer from varicose veins and need to improve my circulation. What are some ways I could improve my blood circulation throughout my body?
I'm travelling to Iceland and need to learn some terms for points of interest.
I just moved to Anchorage, Alaska in December, from Miami, Florida. What clothes do I need to buy in this new climate?
Who is Anais Mitchell?
how do i prevent diaper explosions?
What do people mean when they say 'cry me a river?'
How do I decide between getting a cat or a dog?
My toddler enjoy singing “Itsy Bitsy Spider”. Can you suggest similar songs?
How can I find ways to motivate myself to be more productive?
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
If I like the show South Park, what other shows do you think I would enjoy?
how do i learn to eat spicy foods
What are some Christmas gifts I can get my daughter since she is a new mom
How many city blocks is one mile?
How does credit counseling help people?
Which currency in the world has the highest value?
How should I baste a turkey?
I took my car to be inspected and the mechanic told me it needed a new alternator. What is an alternator and what does it do?
How do I keep lips from getting chapped?
What are some cool theme parks in Asia?
how do i reduce inflammation of the gums?
How do you make a backup in Windows 10?
I bought some cologne the other day and am wondering, are men and women attracted to different smells or is this just marketing?
How can I get blood out of cotton?
How do I understand the terminology in a court document?
What are some cool additions to a bike my kids can make?
I want to build muscle on my arms and upper body, what kind of meals should I be eating to bulk up?
I need to do a project for my art class and I want help writing a plan for it.
Should I buy a six year old rollerblades or iceskates?
I'm looking for a good mystery book to read
What country produces the most food?
how many miles is the United states and canadas border
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Liberian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for fufu?
I'm taking a trip to Venice, Italy. Can you tell me the popular landmarks and attractions?
What should I consider when moving to another country as a digital nomad?
What are some low impact workouts?
Can you give me a good recipe for turkey stuffing?
What is a short sale?
I want to make Chinese spring rolls. Can you help me?
Can you help me find a recipe for stuffed peppers?
How do I get a cat to shed less?
How old do kids need to be before they don't need child car seats anymore?
Can you help me find which president was the first to live in the white house?
Do you have any good movie recommendations?
Can animals have mental disorders like humans do? Can a dog, for example, be mentally challenged?
Describe to me the type of work a pediatrician doctor does
Hi! I'm trying to plan a family holiday party, but I've never hosted before so I'm not quite sure what's necessary
Can you describe how to flip a coin?
Hi, assistant
Find Erica Elianiak films
What is companion planting?
How do I recover from work burnout?
Find a M&M cookie recipe
Would you be able to provide me information on making a vegan friendly pizza?
Fix a small dent in my car
What can I do to reduce my carbon footprint
Could you recommend some bands to me that sound similar to Creed?
How can I take good pictures of clouds?
What are some of the best podcasts to listen to?
Can you explain how GPS works?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz con Menestra y Carne Asada?
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
What should I take for a picnic?
I want to learn about planets in our solar system. Can you help me?
What is the national bird of the United States of America?
How do I make a wedge salad?
In what locations of the Untied States can lemon tress grow?
How do I bob for apples?
What are good places to visit in Monterrey, Mexico?
How do I get my dog to stop excessive licking?
What is diabetes insipidus?
what are some teas that can make me sleep?
I'm travelling this summer and need to ask for a taxi in different languages.
Humpty Dumpty was an old Fable, but I heard there might have been some history behind the tale. Do you know?
What's your favorite movie?
What is Java? Is it an OS?
How do I pack for a hiking trip?
How long do sea turtles live for?
What are some cute items my child can collect?
What's the difference between alphabets and hieroglyphs?
how can i get back to sleep in the middle of the night?
Why are children fearless?
Hi, I'd like to add incline rear bridges to my workout. Can you tell me how to perform one?
Do fairies exist?
Should I send my child to a private school or a public school?
What should I say to someone who just suffered the loss of a love one?
What is tofu's main ingredient?
Can you help me figure out how to access the BIOS in my PC?
What do I do to decrease my dog’s shedding?
Why did he stop talking to me
How do I make rice krispie treats?
What are some cool theme parks in Asia?
Can you give me a guide to identifying edible mushrooms in the Pacific Northwest?
Who is the best singer in the last 100 years?
I'm curious about the painting "The Last Supper" by Leonardo da Vinci. The restoration seems to be going on forever.
I was reading a book about aliens and wondered. Do you think aliens exist? what would they look like?
How do I make my hair look more shiny and healthy?
Is Atari still in operation?
I have been having a difficult time falling asleep lately. Do you have any advice for me?
I want to donate to a charity, but I've heard that some charities don't use the money for what they say they do. How do I find out which charities are worthwhile?
Can you help me find out which plants are easy to take care of and have a nice scent?
What do I need to make a traditional thanksgiving dinner?
How much cash should I carry with me when traveling abroad?
What are some good action movies?
What exactly is dyslexia?
What are some side dishes I can make with pork chops?
I'm trying to decide what to do for my birthday in my area
What are some documents I should get prepared if I want a divorce?
Can you help me learn to delete my Myspace account? I don'
Is it safer to fly in an airplane or drive in a car?
What should I take on a hiking trip?
I'd like to help a friend who's moving soon. Do you have any thoughtful pointers on how to help?
Please tell me the main functions of a computer operating system?
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
I think I might have seasonal affective disorder. What are the symptoms?
I got some new glasses about a week ago and have been getting headaches ever since then. Why could this be?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Biangbiang Noodles?
Is sadness a normal emotion?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
How can I get my son to open up and make friends? He's at a new school and feels really awkward.
We're ordering delivery. How much should we tip?
How do I get a needle out of my foot?
Do other countries besides the US celebrate a Thanksgiving day?
I am going to invest some money in to crypto currency. I am not sure which coin to choose. What would you recommend?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Asparagus a la Flamande?
How do I find out the minimum insurance coverage I need for a plan?
What is the process for getting a tattoo?
How does ruby on rails work?
What countries were involved in war world 2
I got a new pet bearded dragon and I need some information on pet care.
Hello, I am trying to find places to scuba dive in Maui Hawaii
Is stainless pipe ever used when it comes to plumbing in water lines?
What methods could I use to cope with anxiety?
How do I make a mini golf course for my backyard?
I'm going to a football tailgate for the first time. What can I expect?
Search Melissa McCarthy movies
How do I learn how to swim?
Hi, I'm worried about some of the material my child might be accessing on their smartphone. Is there some way for me to control what kind of sites they can access, to keep them away from bad stuff?
How do you take a good photograph?
Where is the biggest river on earth
what are some ideas for things my child can hand out on valentine's day to classmates?
How do I pack for a hiking trip?
How much meat should my kids eat a day?
What are some comfortable pants styles for boys?
How do I make pumpkin puree from fresh pumpkins?
How do I chop down a tree safely?
Can you tell me how to rent a car in a foreign country?
Who invented the smartphone?
What happened to the Mars bar candy? All I see are Snickers now!
Can you put your sneakers or shoes in the washer?
Who ran the fastest mile?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Moules Frites?
I'm trying to find artists that are similar to Eminem can you recommend any?
What are pros and cons of girls having short hair?
I find myself feeling tired during the day, and I feel like I'm not getting enough sleep at night. Can you help me find ways to get more sleep?
What do I do if I hate my wife?
Is the Rolling Stones song 'Brown Sugar' about slavery?
Could you please provide me some information about the Spanish-American War?
How do I make electronic music?
What are ways that people hack online games to cheat against other players?
why is there a computer chip shortage?
What is the YWCA?
I have an older car and I want to increase it's fuel efficiency while boosting the horsepower. Is there any way I can achieve both?
what are some fun things to in juarez, mexico?
What time of the year is it best to hunt Deer in the state of Maryland?
How can I file a legal claim against paying an auto mechanic's repair bill, due to incomplete work?
How is maple syrup made?
What is an LLC?
How do you use credit card reward points?
I have been told that storing cut onions in a plastic container in the fridge will cause that container to always smell like onions even after I wash it. So I store cut onions in a plastic Ziploc bag. I would rather store them in plastic containers. Is this a true thing or is it made up?
What are ways that I can practice being open minded?
How do I know if my computer has a virus?
My son got chocolate on the couch. Is there a way to remove the stain?
Can you tell me what year the popular MMO World of Warcraft was released?
Why did the Roman Empire fall?
Is the United Kingdom a monarchy?
I'd like to buy an eReader, but I don't know which to get. Do you have any recommendations?
What are pastimes for people, when they're congregated and drinking alcohol? I've heard that people play darts sometimes.
Hey! I have some friends who only wash their hair once or twice a week. I hear that this is better for my overall hair health but my hair only stays looking good for 1-2 days and then it looks greasy and dried out. Is there any strategies you have for me to keep my hair healthier between washes?
I got sprayed by a skunk. How do I get the odor off?
It was suggested to me to see a therapist. How does someone know it's the right time to see a therapist?
what do i get for a kid who loves my little pony?
How do vinyl record players work?
What is gmail?
I want to learn how to teach my dog how shake hands.
teach my fifth grader how to do percentages the easiest way
what year did sonic the hedgehog first premiere?
Can you make a list of citrus fruits?
I remember my first car took regular gas, why couldn't it run on unleaded?
How do I clean faux suede?
I want to get more into doing yoga. I know about the chair pose but I don't know its benefits. How is the yoga chair pose beneficial?
Should I still use the handheld led machine
Are prepaid debit cards safe?
What are some nice light beers to try
What are the symptoms of the coronavirus?
I would like to visit Japan, can you recommend it?
I'd like to look at new art. Are there any Art Deco artists you recommend?
How can I keep my dark clothes from fading when I wash them?
I'm thinking about getting a motorcycle. How much more dangerous is driving a motorcycle than a car?
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
What are situations I should have an emergency fund for?
Can you really count the rings inside a tree cutting and tell how old it is?
Can you give me a recipe for blueberry pie?
Is peanut butter healthy?
What are some good scents for the house?
What are some colorful birds I might be able to sport in the Sonoran desert?
I'm taking a trip to Prague and I want to see the local landmarks and attractions. What would you recommend?
Where can I buy an air plant?
How do you clean a muddy doormat?
I am planning on travelling in the New Year, and would like some recommendations on places to visit and things to do.
How do I learn to tie a bowtie?
Search for Geena Davis movies
I know that going for walks is good for the body. But I am trying to determine which time of the day I should walk. What are some reasons as to why starting the day out with a walk is better than later in the day?
How can I learn basic HTML code?
How can I help my daughter adjust to college life?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fattah?
Can you tell me how many amendments the constitution has?
What is the best way to get a tattoo removed?
Can you help me to learn a little bit about vertigo?
Do you know how to make rice crispy treats?
I'd like to become a world famous writer. Any suggestions on how to get there?
How do you use a fingerprint scanner on a phone?
What are some hearty recipes for mac and cheese?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn a few food words.
What should I know about routine vehicle maintenance?
Can you explain the basic principals of the carbon cycle in the environment?
How often should i wash my hair?
what dogs make good guard dogs?
Have you heard of the trolley problem?
why are vaccinations important?
What is the significance of having jokers in a deck of standard playing cars? Are there games that you can play with them?
I took in a stray cat that has fleas. What is the best way to get rid of them?
What age should kids begin trick or treating?
Can you tell me what the best time of the year is to plant Spinach in Maryland?
I like to game on the PC, but my wrist hurts after a while. Any suggestions on how to get past that?
I won't be able to see my family this holiday season as I am still travelling around the world. I'd really like to send my niece and nephew some books on travelling as I would love for them to get the bug too. Do you have any good suggestions for pre-teens?
How do I clean a coffee maker?
Do you think you can tell me what a librarians job actually is?
Find coconut rice noodle recipe
Can you describe a raw food diet?
I know a lot of fallacies should be avoided during argumentation. Can you explain why the straw man fallacy is problematic?
Can you help me find US states that have a mild climate to live in?
I'm planning a trip to Vienna. Can you recommend some popular landmarks and attractions to visit?
How do I let the air out of my car tire if I added too much?
Can you help me to understand how the Christmas holiday came to be practiced?
Does it hurt the host country if other countries boycott their Olympic games?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Siļķe Kažokā?
How do you get good credit?
I'm trying to write a research paper for school about the history of rock music from the 1950's to today. Do you think you could help me?
Is legal in the United States to have a pet goat?
Hi, I just got a sugar glider, but I have no idea how to care for it. How do I house, feed, and otherwise keep this beautiful animal safe and healthy?
How do i make cake frosting?
I am looking to get my first credit card. Can you explain credit cards to me and what some of the important features are?
Can you provide me with a recipe for a non alcoholic drink for Thanksgiving dinner?
What can I do to reuse a lot of extra cardboard?
If you could visit one city in Asia, where would you go?
Can you help me in identifying the best music streaming service?
Can you find out how to determine my life insurance rate?
Do astronauts take or bring special medications with them?
How can I prevent armpit chafing?
Foxes are beautiful, but I hear they make bad pets. Wonder why?
What happened to the space shuttle Challenger? Why did it blow up?
Is covid a hoax?
What is a good method to approximate the distance between me and an object far away?
What's a good way to make salad with beef in it?
I'd like to run for mayor of my city, but I don't know here to start. Can anyone run? What qualifications do I need?
I want to make Marshmallow Brownies. Do you have a good recipe?
if you could go on holiday, where would you go? and why?
How do you remove the skins from chicken drumsticks?
I’m trying to find a monthly subscription of gifts for my dog
What are some artists I would like if I like Lana Del Ray?
Hi, my yard is infested with ground squirrels. How can I get rid of them?
I have a hard time getting up early in the morning. How can I become more of a morning person?
What are ways to write about a character that is trying to take down an evil company?
what do i do about a chronic dry cough?
What should be included in a eulogy?
can i install a siren on my car?
Could you provide me some information about the Lord of the Rings series?
What are pros and cons of using a digital assistant like Alexa?
Is there any real difference between organic eggs and meat and non-organic?
Has the Supreme Court always been 9 justices?
Should children learn to use the computer at an early age?
How do I add texture to a ceiling?
I'm going to move to the west coast of the United States. What city do you recommend?
Which is better for safety, a van or an SUV?
Can you tell me how to find out what type of engine my car has?
What are some of the biggest caves that I can explore in the United States?
Does the US really go to war because of the access to oil in other countries?
How do I sell my condo?
What is a good prayer I can teach my children that is simple?
What's the best flavor of ice cream?
Hi, now that I'm past 50, I find myself experiencing ED more and more frequently. Can you describe some options for treating it, medical, or lifestyle changes?
Is AAA worth the cost?
How often should I get my eyes checked?
When was The Beatles first tour?
What's the average income of a white american male in america who's 27 years old?
Hi, I've lost touch with an old friend of mine, and I'd like to find out where they live. Any suggestions for finding their address?
What multivitamin is best for mens health?
I am free this weekend and need some suggestions of fun things to do with some friends?
What should I do if I run out of gas?
what are some physical games to play at a kids' birthday party?
When did Leo DiCaprio become famous?
How can I get dust off my ceiling?
I have to study for an exam but I keep getting distracted. How can I focus on studying without being distracted?
I'm trying to make money fast. Do you know any ways?
What is an LLC? How can I know if I should get one?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mrenda?
How can I make my own jigsaw puzzle?
Search for bread pudding recipe
Can you help me find information on the history of the Tesla company?
How do you end a running application in Win 10 using the task manager?
Is the zoo a good family trip?
Why do females tend to live longer than males?
How do I set up a venmo account?
Find Michael Jackson songs
What place in the USA has all of the seasons?
How do I create a scavenger hunt?
What is a better choice for home defense? A shotgun or a handgun?
What is the definition of an analogy?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Muchomo?
Could you help teach me how to make peanut butter cookies?
How do thermometers work?
What are some good places to visit in Phuket?
How can I teach a child to paint with water colors?
What are some snacks to bring on a road trip?
How can I learn to speak russian?
There is a lot of talk about the different Covid vaccines out now. Which one gives you the most protection from catching covid?
I want to teach my dog a new trick, could you give me some tips on how I could teach him how to spin?
Who invented marshmallow?
What are some ways that I can remove dark circles from under my eyes?
What are some good knock knock jokes.
How can I get more upper body strength?
Where is the US President's office?
What is the most beautiful language found around the world?
Is feeling depressed a character flaw?
What kind of dog doesn't shed much?
What are ideas for a going away party?
How can I get rid of gallstones?
what are some non coffee drinks i can get at starbucks?
What factors do you believe contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential victory?
What are some of the best tourist attractions in Germany?
How can I manage back pain?
what are yams?
Why are there so many types of cats?
I need a list of "big box retailers" in the US.
How do I file a car insurance claim?
How can I improve my skincare routine?
How can I get rid of termites?
Is coffee hard to grow?
How do you switch to dark mode in Win 10?
How do I send an encrypted email?
Should I eat organic vegetables?
how does the internet works?
What is UTC?
Assistant, I am writing about culture and want to know what are the things that make up a culture?
I have a toothache and the dentist can't see me for another 3 days. What can I do?
Search for Johnny Depp best movies
Can you explain how noise canceling headphones work?
What is restless leg syndrome?
Can you help walk me through on how to change a car battery?
What do I do if I get a reaction from poison ivy?
Do you need a license to hunt?
What is the typical curriculum for a Masters degree program in teaching?
What are some places to visit in New Jersey?
How do I get better at crossword puzzles?
I'm thinking about becoming a vegan, do you think it's a good idea?
How do I play old VCR tapes?
who is the governor of south Dakota
What was world war 1 like
What are some good toppings for hamburgers?
How do I get stains out of the collars of baby shirts?
How do I clean a tv screen?
I want to learn more about The International Astronomical Union (IAU). Any info you can provide?
Why do birds suddenly appear
What are some good scents for the house?
How long does Macy's give you to return clothing for a full refund?
Do you know anything about the salem witch trials?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Jiaozi?
Where is the Holiday in Dixie festival held?
Can you tell me the best website to have flowers delivered to someone?
I'm looking to get a new dog. Can you help me decide on a breed?
Which movies would you suggest for someone interested in horror movies from the 90s?
What should one do when witnessing a pedestrian run over?
Can you tell me the names of the most popular tourist attractions and entertainment centers in Los Angeles?
What is the maximum weight that a 1/2 ton truck can haul?
I need advice on which game console to buy
I have to write an essay on the history of philosophy, can you help?
What are some of the long term health effects of being in space?
What date did WWII start?
I have a friend getting a new puppy! Do you have any training recommendations?
What do you call a doctor who specializes in cancer treatment?
How do I make a skirt for a Barbie doll?
Can you recommend me some gangster movies? I've only seen a couple of major ones like Godfather and Goodfellas.
How do I cry less when I get emotional?
How does discord work?
Which foods can I cook on a grill besides hamburger and hotdogs?
What are some cool modifications I can make to my truck?
Can you describe to me some general historic information about Mesopotamia?
I want to learn a new language. Do you have any tips for getting started?
Some good side dishes for baked haddock
Can you recommend me some books like the Culture series?
When will the new version of Doctor Strange be released?
What are cute nicknames for a baby?
Can you tell me when the first Super Bowl was held?
What can I do to become a faster reader?
What are some landscaping ideas for the front of my house?
How do waterproof cellphones work exactly? How don't they break when submerged in water?
I want to get family photos taken, does Sears still do that?
What was Watergate scandal?
I want to learn more about The International Astronomical Union (IAU). Any info you can provide?
What can you use for an emergency escape from a second story house?
How do you know how much turkey to make for Thanksgiving?
Can you help me make a good playlist for working out?
What can I do to raise my credit score?
Why do cats eat wheat grass? Is it good for them?
Can you tell me the process of cleaning shrimp?
How do I keep bugs from entering my house?
How can I get better at storytelling?
I want to make a ham omelet. I have never cooked it before. Can you help me?
What are some good patriotic songs to learn?
Can you tell me how to cook rice in a rice cooker?
What is the dumbest question you have ever been asked?
What are the first things I should do after starting a new job?
Sometimes I wake up with a sore back, is there some exercises I can do in the morning that might help?
Where can I find a decent pair of shoes that will last while I work, standing on my feet for hours at a time?
What is the capital of Australia?
I want to make my CV more professional and stand out to potential emloyers, any advice you can give me?
I have a friend who is part of the LGBTQ community and she uses the word "cis" a lot relative to gender. Can you help me understand what this means?
Could you help me understand the differences between Republicans and Democrats?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Koufteh Ghelgheli?
My son has to write a paper about clouds. Could you help with regards to the different types of clouds and cloud formations etc?
What are the worst tragedies of the modern day?
How do I find out if I will have network coverage on my phone in a national park?
How do you make a hamburger?
I'm curious to learn the history of photography. Can you provide information about when the camera was first invented?
I am trying to become more fashionable. How can I stay up on the latest style and fashion trends?
What are places to visit in Bangkok?
Should I rent a house or rent an apartment?
Do any countries other than America have a version of the 2nd amendment, the right to bear arms?
How can I learn new words and use them?
how should i dress to go to church?
What are some good VOIP services?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Riz Frite?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken Waterzooi?
I've never really heard much jazz before. Can you give me some essentials to get into it?
How do I dress for a Sunday Service?
Do you think violence in media, like videogames and movies, contributes to violence in the real world?
I need to know what to gift a college graduate next year. Got any suggestions?
Where does black friday originate from?
What should I feed a puppy?
I'm learning about different policies. What does affirmative action help accomplish?
I would like to learn a little about politics. Can you help?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sarson Ka Saag?
Does moving south help your health?
What does DC stand for (related to comics)?
I'm having a hard time getting cell reception where I'm at. What can I do to strengthen my reception?
Are asteroids a legitimate danger to humans on planet earth?
How should I reward good behavior in the classroom?
How do I keep my kids from screaming all the time?
What are some good meats I can serve for Christmas?
What does a barrel of oil mean when we talk about gas prices? Is oil actually kept in barrels?
Why do they charge so much money for printer ink?
Find Ed Sheeran songs
What is the Noble Peace Price?
Will Blue Bloods continue in 2022?
How do you comfort a friend who just lost a pet?
I was recently invited to a Quincenera. What is it?
What are good musical instruments for babies?
tell my wife I want a divorce
Should I use an electric toothbrush?
Can you help me determine the right type of fertilizer for a tree?
What if I never feel satiated?
How is paper made from trees?
When were vampires first introduced into fiction?
What can I do with Halloween candy I don't want?
What is the most reliable luxury car?
What are some general tools I need in order to make a cocktail?
I'm trying to learn Spanish. I took a class at a community college and got an A. But, months later, I forgot what I have learned.
What are some good stereo speakers for PCs?
What is it like to visit Japan?
i got a question what is better chicken or beef
I'd like to buy some new clothes, but would like them to be a good choice for the environment. Can you recommend some options?
what do i feed my chickens?
how often should i vacuum my carpet?
I want to create bold text in html, how can I achieve that?
I am American but, my dad side is from Norway. Could you tell me what Norwegians normally eat?
What are some cool places to visit in India?
Can you tell me how I can keep my antique books in good condition?
how do i get a dog to stop peeing in the same place over and over?
Can you use those big storage bags to bring freezer foods home from the store?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
How do I take off excess skin?
How do I deflate a water bed?
what are some classic jazz artists that I can enjoy?
I need some vegan recipe ideas. I'm having some friends over and two have expressed they are now vegan.
I'm travelling to Mexico. Can you tell me some words I should know in Spanish?
What types of protein should a vegetarian eat?
What year did the first cold war start?
Should I enlist in the army national reserve?
What is the proper way to throw a punch?
How can I find out if my computer meets requirements for Windows 11?
I think my friend might have depression how can I help them?
Can you tell me the general steps of staining unfinished wood?
How do I get better at dong planks?
How do I get a book published?
Can you find me details on the history of the ancient civilizations of the fertile crescent?
I am trying to write an essay on Tommy Hearns, the boxer. can you help me with this?
What does N.A.T.O. actually do?
How can I prevent spam calls?
Which company developed the rpg Kingdom Hearts?
What steps should I take if I cut my finger when cutting vegetables?
How do I cook lobster?
Can you teach me a bit about what the paleo diet is?
What is the best way to clean a TV screen without scratching it?
How can I stop from waking up to pee in the night so much
Can you recommend me some shows that are similar to the comedy Friends?
Is a dirt bike hard to learn to ride?
Do you know how to make a pecan pie without sugar?
I need to do a factory reset on the computer. Can you help me figure out the steps I must take? It's a Surface Go.
Do you have recipes for a lemony vinaigrette?
Why do people like to watch movies that scare them?
How do I unclog a bathroom sink?
Can you tell me the differences between Japanese whiskey and bourbon whiskey?
Can you train a dog to only go the bathroom in one part of the yard?
Assistant, I'm feeling pretty down today.
What is the order of the Marvel Movies
I need to bake a batch of chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
Which country consumes the most chocolate per capita?
I want to write a Sonnet, can you help me?
I'm trying to find a recipe for vegan swiss rolls
What is more important to a website. on-page or off-page SEO? I have a limited budget and would like some insight into them both.
Who was the Original Buddha?
What do I do if I get a tire blowout?
How do i know if I have bad breath?
I need a corn dog recipe.
When were vampires first introduced into fiction?
How can I get a house free by squatting?
I'm trying to write a Christmas story
Can you help me prepare for an earthquake?
Where is the worlds oldest pyramid located?
can albuterol help with pneumonia?
What are some ways I can keep my email safe from spam?
How do you make a wreath?
Do men and women really think differently?
How can I iron a button up shirt?
What are some of the best PlayStation 5 games?
How can I ripen green tomates?
How do draw a dog?
What can you tell me about Julius Caesar
My son won't do his school homework and I don't know what to do. Any advice you can give me?
Is it true that diseases like heart disease and cancer can be reversed through diet?
What is media mail through the USPS?
I need to change the straps on my Fitbit watch. How do I do that?
My friend is part of a multilevel marketing scheme, but I've heard they're bad. Why are they bad?
How do I make a bow out of ribbon?
What exactly is dyslexia?
What do you know about a photo ark
I want to make Japanese curry. Do you have a recipe?
Which gaming company developed the Witcher 3?
What superheroes might I like if I like Incredible Hulk?
What causes men to go bald?
Was the great flood told in the bible a true story?
What are the best sandbox style video games?
Can you help me figure out how to clean a vacuum filter?
I am going on vacation soon.
How can I make my PC run faster?
What are some different types of foods that I can put in a dehydrator?
What can you see in Rome?
I like going to Starbucks at times. Right now, I wanna make one of their drinks at home. Do you know the steps of how I can make a Starbucks salted caramel mocha?
How often should I condition my leather boots? I use them frequently in very dry environments.
What are some good treats I can give my cat?
Hi, I just got a new bicycle, and I want to make sure it doesn't get stolen. How can I secure it when I have to leave it outside a business?
How do I wash my smartphone without damaging it?
Find Cardi B songs
How do I learn how to ski?
What are some of the best thriller movies of all time?
Did Harley Davidson start out as a bicycle company?
How do I sleep better without waking up through the night?
What is the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
Can sneakers safely be put in the washing machine?
What is a short sale?
Can you help me find some of histories most influential people so that I can research them more?
I'm trying to make chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
Why does my exhaust pipe smell so bad?
What can I do to fix a table with uneven legs?
What are symptoms of whiplash?
How do you sterilize a small open wound?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Semolina Porridge?
There have been some car break-ins around my neighborhood lately. How can I keep my vehicle safe?
What is the humidity level today?
Can you tell me how to caramelize onions?
What are the side effects of liposuction?
How do I avoid carpal tunnel?
How do I recover from work burnout?
What is the holiday celebrated on December 5th?
Footbed sandals seem to be great for your posture. I wonder where the technology first started?
How does a catalytic converter in a car work?
Richard Chamberlain had a long career. What are some of his hits?
Who was the top ranked male tennis player in 1976?
What should I do when I see the check engine light on in my car?
How can I overcome my fear of needles?
What are some shows I can watch in Las Vegas?
How old is David Bowie?
Is it currently possible to create synthetic gold?
How do I win at the game monopoly?
How do you free a car that's stuck in snow?
Can you still use Microsoft Office without paying a monthly subscription?
What are some games I might like if I like Super Mario?
Do most stores close later than normal on Black Friday?
What should I pack to go camping?
Moses seemed to be a pretty important character in the Bible. What is the general story of what Moses did, the myth and fact perhaps?
I need a movie recommendation for a movie that is similar to Pulp Fiction.
What are healthy snacks that taste good, but have higher fiber, and lower sugar?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
I want to become an Accountant, where do I start?
Should I buy gold, platinum, or silver, if I want to invest in metals?
Is there a way to compare credit card offers?
I have family coming over for Thanksgiving tomorrow but I have no idea what to cook for them. Can you give me some easy Thanksgiving recipes that don't require a lot of prep and can be made in a small apartment?
What is Zumba?
What can you do in Central Park?
Can you tell me the cooking time for pan frying a medium rare steak?
What are some fun activities for a child who has never been to see snow?
What are the advantages of a cast iron pan?
What type of green tea has the highest l theanine content?
Why is pot legal in some states and not others?
How do I get my driver's learning permit?
Can you help me find a podcast that is similar to one that I listen to?
Can you tell me what year the popular MMO World of Warcraft was released?
Can you provide me with a recipe for a non alcoholic drink for Thanksgiving dinner?
What sort of wood should I make a cabin out of?
Get a chocolate cupcake recipe
How can I teach my dog how to hunt?
Who is Harley Quinn?
I want to be a podcaster. How do I do that?
What are things I should not be putting in my garbage disposal?
Can you explain to me how a telescope works?
Why does my dog sleep all the time? Is she getting old?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Farikal?
Can you help me figure out how to tell a client that I have helped them as much as I can and they have to figure out the rest on their own?
What is a 401k?
Is vicks vapo rub really good for relieving congestion for adults?
I'm gonna make spicy curry but I'm gonna add eggs to it, specifically hard boiled eggs. Can you tell me how to boil eggs?
Have you heard of the trolley problem?
Should I choose organic produce?
I'd like to discover more music, can you recommend some based on my favourite music, which is electronic dance music, such as Aphex Twin and Boards of Canada.
What were the two biggest empires in the history?
What are Cardinals in Catholic religion?
Thanksgiving is coming up and I'm noticing more and more fighting between the left and right about it. Why is Thanksgiving a political issue now?
How can I tell if a pineapple is ripe?
If you could visit one city in Asia, where would you go?
What is considered the most effective form of birth control, commercially available? It seems that birth control pills, condoms, vasectomies, are tops in the list.
What is the best type of governing body of a country?
How do I do a side ponytail?
I'm having a tooth pulled so I won't be able to eat solid food for a few days. What are some soft foods I can eat instead?
Is it hard to learn to play drums?
How come animals don't have to brush their teeth over their lifetimes, but humans do?
What's your favorite franchise between Halloween, Nightmare on Elm Street and Friday the 13th? Why?
I'm having 10 people over for Thanksgiving, what do I need to do to plan?
Please explain to me about the backgammon game.
I want to remove a water stain that set in a week ago. Can you tell me what are some ways to remove a water stain from the wall? It's a small water stain.
How do I become a hair stylist?
Can you tell me how to make soup?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
Can you tell me what company developed the video game Legend of the Dragoon?
What's the best way to clean a pair of leather Reebok sneakers?
What can I see in Alamos, Sonora, Mexico?
How can I treat bronchitis?
What was the Battle of the Bulge in World War II?
What is AAA?
How can I make the color blue with yellow and red paint
Who are some good hip hop artists?
Why do my fingers hurt after playing the guitar?
How often should I get a general physical as an adult?
How can I show my elderly mom that I care? She's in a nursing home.
Is sadness a normal emotion?
What is a good sized tv for a small living room?
find a doctor I just moved and need advice on how to get a new doctor
I'm opening my own business and trying to figure out how to decorate my office in a way that's welcoming but professional. Do you have any advice on how to communicate that with wallpaper, paint, furniture, decorations, etc?
My cats keep scratching my furniture. How can I deter them from this behavior?
How do you sand down the rough edges on a piece of wood?
How can I make a rope basket?
Which cuts of beef make the most tender steak?
What is the best way to discipline my kids?
How many votes are needed in the Electoral College to become President?
What is a good songbird to buy?
What are ways I can remove a stripped screw?
Should I let my daughter play with barbie?
What is the process for selling my bitcoins online?
How do I play darts and what are the rules?
Are peanut butter and jelly sandwiches bad for your health?
HI, I'd like to incorporate side planks into my workout. Can you explain how that exercise is performed?
What color is the sky?
Search for a turkey salad recipe
Is the golden retriever a good dog breed?
Why are confined and enclosed space a work safety hazard?
I was thinking of losing some weight and I wanted to know how long does it take to lose 50 pounds?
Where is a close pharmacy nearby Bay Ridge Brooklyn?
Hades seems to be a dark place indeed. In the old tale, is anyone happy there?
Does a hot tub help with pain?
How do you rename the volume label of a drive in Win 10?
How do you treat slightly frostbitten hands?
How do you use a DLP projector?
I have heard that incense can be used to help you from getting sick?
Tambourines have been around for millennia. Does Ethan images of tambourines in ancient Egyptian tombs. Do you know the history of the tambourine?
What are some things that I should do to winterize my house?
When collecting key information when writing an essay, what questions and answers should I make sure are answerable through my essay?
What is a full body exercise that I can do without weights?
Any tips on how to improve energy level in the afternoon?
Are there any substances known to man that are harder than diamond?
I need to know how to tie a fisherman's knot.
How can I get rid of nervousness?
How are chickens farmed?
How difficult is it to learn electrical engineering?
I've heard one shouldn't recycle black plastic, do you have any info on that?
Is covid ever going to go away?
What is Empire State Building famous for?
Is a ferret a good pet for a child?
I want to make macaroni and cheese that is similar to the macaroni and cheese that is sold by KFC.
I wonder how long, the average pair of socks, lasts? Might be good to order supplies, on schedule.
When did the pilgrims arrive in the United States?
What are some good fables for kids?
What does a veterinary technician do?
Hello, I am trying to find tickets to the Adele concert in London. Can you help?
Which animals besides primates are the smartest?
I want to start investing in cryptocurrency. What crypto should I invest in?
How can I drill a clay pot?
How do I increase my vocabulary?
How can I get over a heartbreak
I'm thinking about moving to a new city in the U.S. Can you recommend one? I currently live in New York.
In what year was Broadway founded?
I'm thinking of building my own PC. Is it hard?
What does a nurse practitioner do?
Is it a good idea to rent, or is it a better idea to get a mortgage?
What is a white elephant gift?
I was thinking about getting an Electric Car, but I am worried about how long they take to charge the batteries. Do you know anything about this?
I need another water heater. Is a bigger one more efficient than a smaller one?
How can I make a mug cake?
What is the process of making ice cream?
How do I sell Avon?
I'd like to replicate an In N Out burger at home, can you help?
How do people become a saint?
Should people limit their alcohol consumption?
Should I get married if I have no money?
How is an IPA beer different than an APA beer?
Where can I find a decent pair of shoes that will last while I work, standing on my feet for hours at a time?
How does a computer CPU chip work?
Who is Joe Biden?
When did Americans land on the moon for the first time?
Can you help me find US states that have a mild climate to live in?
How do I get my kids to clean up?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ecuadorian Ceviche?
Can you give men an estimate on how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Ohio?
I'm looking for a new book to read! Can you help?
What is the best time of the year to plant tomatoes?
Can you give me recommendations for Audrey Hepburn's best movies?
Do you know what the cheapest way to watch tv is?
How often should I go to the dentist for cleaning?
When writing about a setting, which human senses should I consider in order to write an excellent description of the setting? To really evoke an image of the setting for the reader.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pastel?
How do I work out my triceps?
I'd like to take a road tried in an RV, but I've never looked into RVs before and don't know what kind I should by. I'm just going with myself and my girlfriend, so I don't need a large RV. What sort of price range am I looking at?
What makes North Carolina barbeque different from other regions' barbeque?
How did Lady Gaga get her name?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gulai?
What's a good way to make easy cake frosting?
Which company invented the PlayStation 4 console?
I'm really getting into video game speed running, can you tell me what the most popular speed run game is?
what can i do about itchy eyes?
Do you have a tasty recipe for a picnic salad?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
How do you replace a carpet floor with a wood floor?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Picante de Pollo?
I'm working nightshifts and sleeping during the day. Is it less healthy to sleep in the day than at night?
I've heard that some people can get great little shops running, on the Etsy website, for their personal crafts. Could a person make a living doing such a thing? Do you have examples?
Hi, my teacher gave me a homework problem with a cube, and I have to figure out what its volume is. Can you explain how to do that?
Describe what happened on 9/11
Does France have free healthcare?
How should I warm up prior to working out?
I have some work to do while traveling and my hotel doesn't have my room available for a few more hours. What businesses have WiFi available so I can sit and work in the meantime?
What are some Sanrio characters?
What kind of activities can I do at a party for a child who loves unicorns?
How do I plait a horse's tail?
Kids should be taught things about money. What are some things they should be taught to build good money habits?
My son (who is eight) is having a very hard time dealing with the death of his grandfather (my partner's father). The death was somewhat sudden and it's his first experience dealing with something like this (besides losing a pet once). He is confused, doesn't understand why he won't see Grandpa again, and I don't know what to say about it or how much I should say.
What's the best code to built a retail website with?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Braai?
I want to cook a cake. Can you tell me the steps on how to properly fill a pastry bag?
What's the best way to handle a bully?
Which items are essential to have in a living room?
be more romantic with my wife who seem cold as of late
Can you tell me about who Saint Jerome is?
I'm taking a trip to Miami. What attractions or landmarks are popular to visit there?
Hi, I'm interested in learning about the music of Billy Idol. Can you help me make a playlist of his most popular and influential songs and albums?
How can I make my elbows less dry and rough?
why are vaccinations important?
Find Chuck Norris movies
How do I find a good church?
Can you make falafel without Tahini?
At what age to people start to remember Christmas for the rest of their lives?
Who started the first world war?
I just saw a car that was rusted really bad. Ruined with rust. Why do they spread salt on the roads?
What are the veterinarian requirements when getting a new puppy dog in California?
How many times should one brush his or her teeth daily?
Do you know what are harmful things one should not throw away? I know one of them are batteries
Is drinking alcohol bad for people?
Do you know of ways one can relieve back pain outside of surgery and physical therapy?
Who is Anais Mitchell?
Can you purchase Microsoft Outlook separately or do you have to purchase it as part of Microsoft Office?
Do all stars burn at the same temperature?
What do I do about hay fever?
I just got a notice that I have a package out for delivery today. I thought the mail didn't come on Thanksgiving?
How can I find a mobile video game that I can play with others online?
What is mono?
Are gun with gun black finishes more likely to rust than the stainless steel finish?
I found out that I have a cockroach infestation, can you help me figure how to deal with getting rid of them?
How do I change windshield wipers?
How do i get a girlfriend?
How do I butcher a cow?
I want to become a chess master. How do I get good at chess?
The winter solstice is coming up. What are some ways to traditionally celebrate this time of year?
I'm trying to write a research paper for school about the history of rock music from the 1950's to today. Do you think you could help me?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some common phrases. Can you help me?
How much should a family of 4 weekly spend on groceries?
What are some good remedies for nausea?
What is a gender reveal party?
When can I see Northern Lights in Alaska?
Find a shrimp scampi recipe
Hello, I am trying to find out if Santa Claus is real. Can you help?
I'm going to Russia and need to learn some common words
I've been getting into retro gaming lately and I'd like some recommendations for Nintendo 64 classics.
How do you find a comfortable couch?
The planet is more water than land. I wonder where all the water came from?
Hi, I really want to learn the key to financial freedom, but unfortunately lack financial freedom. Could you help me?
I am writing about global issues and have a general idea of many issues. However, it's very generalized and I need examples of issues within the main issue. For example, when it comes to global issues related water, what are some issues related to that?
In what order do the colors appear in a rainbow?
How do tv programs come to the tv via antenna?
Does Aleve help with back pain?
What cheese do kids like?
How do you become a foster parent?
How do I train my dog not to jump up excitedly at people?
I want to know the history of Betsy Ross and the American Flag.
How can I microwave bacon?
Hi!
How do I lessen my double chin?
Can you recommend a few movies I can watch with my nephew? He's an average 13 year old boy.
Who invented the bicycle?
How do I groom a cat?
Who is starring in the latest production of "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway?
Hi, I've never watched any Quentin Tarantino movies, and I'd like to become familiar with his directorial vision and filmmaking style. Can you suggest some of his best films to add to a playlist to help me understand the nature of his work>
How can I make a superman costume?
My wife loves oysters! Do you happen to know what kind of hot sauce flavors we should be seeking to go with oysters?
When is a good time of year to travel to Italy?
what is the capital of Vermont
I heard that corn originated from North America, is that true?
How can I get oil off of a duck?
What are some fun things to make out of origami?
How do I raise honeybees in my backyard?
Hi, I'd like to plan a perfect romantic weekend with my partner. Do you have any suggestions for what I might try?
Which credit card gives the most cash back?
How do I learn to read maps?
How do I recognize email spam?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lomo de llama?
What kind of dog doesn't shed much?
Should you exfoliate your skin?
I want to learn about the history of iPhone.
What is the politics in United States of America?
Search for William Shatner movies
I'm am trying to strip and wax a wood floor?
Do newer macbook batteries need to be "calibrated"?
What would be a good national park for a warm vacation during the winter in the US?
How do I make baked chicken?
What are some ways I should NOT make a password?
What are some dishes I can make with raisins?
How can I describe to a child what lobbying is in a way where they will understand?
I want to try to make homemade guacamole. What ingredients do I need?
How can I tell the difference between a dolphin and a shark swimming?
How can I connect more with my coworkers?
I have to figure out my sources for a people I am writing. Can you describe to me what is the difference between a primary and secondary source?
Who was the first president?
What is the safest way to travel
What's the best way to make new friends in a new city?
Should I go to Hawaii or Jamaica?
How are golf balls made?
Have there been any major developments in regards to space travel?
Hey, if I have twelve pieces of fruit, made up of apples and oranges, and three of them are apples, how many oranges do I have?
What is it like to feel free?
How can I adjust water pH?
How do I throw a surprise party?
What is the best age to start teaching a child how to swim in water?
How can I learn how to play the drums?
I'm trying to find out more about Caitlyn Jenner, a famous transgender .
What is certified mail?
How do I get my toddler interested in speaking a foreign language?
How do I buy new stocks?
How do I test my well water?
Will my cat get spoiled if i give her wet food once in a while?
Why does my fridge keep freezing?
I'm going to Germany and need to add some words to my vocabulary. Can you help?
How do you get rid of stretch marks?
What is Amazon Alexa?
Have precious metals ever seen a big decline in value?
Hi, I've experienced numerous financial setbacks, and the debts are too much for me to ever pay them. How do I declare bankruptcy?
I do a lot of typing work and I'm trying to learn how to type faster. Are there any techniques or hand positions that improve typing speed?
What is the time difference between New York and Salt Lake City?
What are some snacks to serve at a birthday party?
I'd like to try making some Mexican food but I've never done it before. What dish would you recommend for a beginner?
What are some interesting enchilada styles I can make?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a whiskey sour. Can you give me a recipe for mixing one?
I want to help an environment and one way I can think of is through changing the way I do laundry. What green ways can I do laundry?
How do I say a prayer at a funeral?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
Is it better to not wear rain gear, when it's moderately raining? I wonder sometimes if rain gear is really worth the trouble.
How can I make my teeth whiter?
What do you think the chances are of California having 'the big one' anytime soon?
My cat has been ruining some things with her claws. How can I file them down?
How come people say not to put hot food in the fridge?
How should I treat food poisoning?
I've had several plants in my house, some over 20 years. I'm curious about how the leaves are mostly green. Can you explain that? Why plants have green leaves mostly?
Find a recipe for chicken pot pie
Can you suggest any popular Tim Allen movies that are comedies?
Do you know any good jokes?
Why does Pinocchio's nose grow
How can I grow chamomile?
Ronan Farrow is a skilled journalist. His mother has implied his father might be Frank Sinatra. Have you heard about that?
I need help learning how to make sugar cookies from scratch.
How much money should I set aside for a kid's college fund?
Is it true that hot dogs contain many different parts of the pig that wouldn't be used otherwise?
Should I choose organic produce?
Was the Vietnam War a failure?
I make a comfortable living and don't really have money troubles, but I still would like to have better control of my finances. I seem to go through money pretty quickly and despite wanting to, I can't get into the habit of regularly putting money away for a rainy day. I am terrible at saving, but great at spending!
What's a good dinner to make for a first date?
I like punk rock music. what do think is the best punk rock band?
How do I tone my butt?
How can I stop myself from experiencing road rage?
I need to write a sentence that doesn't contain the letter "e". Can you help me?
Why is red the color to stop in traffic signs?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some common food words. Can you help me?
What can I get my child for getting good grades?
What are pros and cons of using a portable heater?
Can you tell me if Tigers are an endangered species anymore?
What are fun ideas for a mermaid party?
What is a weighted blanket?
Can you help me find a new hobby?
what can you use to make fire change color?
What are some good activities for a birthday party in a park?
How does a sump pump work?
What is a Roth IRA?
How do I clean stains from carpet?
Do you think humans will ever live on Mars?
Who is Bruce Blackman?
Find a recipe for Italian sausage hoagie
Are crows smart birds?
How can I work on my confidence?
I'd like to start attending theatre classes, but don't know where to begin. Could you help?
How do you charge the battery from a cordless power tool?
Is mouth wash necessary if I brush and floss?
Should I learn to skateboard on a longboard or shortboard?
Can you tell me if my pants will be the same size in European clothing as in the US?
How can I convince my mom to let me have a iPhone?
How do I make a Christmas garland?
How do you serve Brie
Who is Nancy Pelosi?
What's the point of countries having national anthems?
Do people who sell food on the side of the road need a food handlers license?
What does the term "blueberry bear" refer to in hunting?
I've seen lots of people getting their "steps" in for a day. What does that mean?
when was the iphone 7 released?
Are there any good movies coming out in the beginning of 2022?
How do I test my well water?
There's a big meteor shower this weekend and I want to watch it with my boyfriend. What should I bring w/ me to make it special?
Are vaccinated people dying of Covid 19?
The Blue Lotus is a theme in much ancient Egyptian art. What is the significance to that culture?
What are some common ways to pay for a bus fare?
How does it feel to fail at something?
How do you use a fingerprint scanner on a phone?
I love the music of Bessie Smith. Would love to know more about her background?
Is Robert Blake a murderer?
What were the two biggest empires in the history?
I've heard that tuna salad is a good lunch. Can you tell me what is in it?
Which foods should I eat to improve digestion?
With the new year coming up, I'm ready to make some resolutions. How can I keep myself motivated to keep my resolutions?
How do I start saving for retirement?
How do I keep from getting shocked when opening door knobs?
What countries were involved in war world 2
I am 56 years old, female and have upper back pain. What can I do to relieve the pain?
Is Magic the card game good for children?
I want to try to make Belgian waffles. Can you help me?
Can you explain the rules of soccer to me?
What are some good flavors of cheesecakes?
Why do Americans like guns so much?
how can i tell my relatives i don't want to exchange christmas gifts?
Can you give me some advice on how to be a good interviewer?
I want to learn to count to five in a few languages. Can you help me?
What can I paint instead of pumpkins for halloween?
Are you supposed to leave hair conditioner in your hair for a few minutes before you rinse it out?
How can I support my friend who is coming out?
I'm trying to find a good song to motivate me while I exercise. What can you suggest?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gursan?
How do I build a go kart?
If I have enough money to buy a house with cash, should I do that over getting a mortgage?
We got a new pet mouse and I'm wanting to learn how to make it use a running wheel.
what can i buy to make my camping experience more pleasant?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Potjiekos ?
I love the paintings of Water Lilies by Monet. What is the largest one he ever produced I wonder? They could get pretty big, the canvases.
How do I bleach a weave?
Do blind people lose track of day and night cycles?
How do I know if it's time for palliative care?
How do you avoid high atm fees?
Do you have any good suggestions of what to do with old coffee grinds?
I am looking for some new podcasts to listen to. Are there any that you would recommend?
How do I buy a mansion?
How does ruby on rails work?
What should people do if they find an injured wild animal?
Should you sanitize your shopping cart?
what are some safety tips for lifting weights?
How does rinse aid in a dishwasher work?
How do I remove a wasp nest?
What is the best way to catch a mouse in a trap
Do you know how to be happy?
Does it hurt the host country if other countries boycott their Olympic games?
Is it bad to charge my phone in the car?
Which bands are similar to the Steve Miller Band?
What does historical district mean?
When were the Everglades established as a National Park?
What country is the term Aryan from?
How do I make potatoes au gratin?
Does listening to music help your workout?
How does a light bulb work
What are some of Angelina Jolie's best movies?
When did the pilgrims arrive in the United States?
What are some flavors I can mix into milk?
Do you have any recommendations for bands or singers that are similar to Phoebe Bridgers?
When can kids start eating candy?
What do I do about a dry cough?
What are the origins of Valentine's Day?
I am trying to remove clumps or knots of hair from my cat's coat. What can I do to make this process easier for both them and me?
How do you work a portable GPS?
What is the latest album by "The Who"?
When should I mail a Christmas card to make sure it gets there before Christmas?
I want to add Kale to my garden this year as well. Do you know what the best season is to plant Kale in Maryland?
I've been hearing a lot about "meal prep." Can you tell me what that is?
What are some good safety tips for trick or treating?
What is S & P 500?
What is work study?
what do i get for a kid who loves my little pony?
I have a headache, any recommendations for how to help?
How do I write an effective term paper for a college class?
How do I know if I have skin cancer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Jägerschnitzel?
I'm looking for resources for good mental health, can you help?
How can I extract oil from a coconut?
I want to make granola bars. Do you have a good recipe?
What age is old enough for a child to get a bb gun?
Why does the sky appear to be blue?
What do the different codes in a hospital mean?
Can you tell me about the Inkas?
I wonder which car manufacturer has the most reliable cars?
How can I get my clothes to come out of the wash smelling and looking super clean?
What is the Vatican? Why is it so famous?
I know Hanukkah starts tonight but can you tell me what time it actually begins?
I'm getting into bicycle riding for exercise as an adult, and I'm wondering what if any safety equipment I need.
deter squirrels from getting onto my bird feeder
I'm trying to save money on my electric bill. Is turning things off good enough, or do I need to unplug them from the wall completely?
What are some fun games to play with friends on our cell phones?
I'm taking a trip to Machu Picchu. Can you tell me about it?
What are some nursery rhymes to teach kids?
What do I need to cross the border into Mexico?
Have you heard of Golden Gate Bridge?
How are chickens farmed?
What are some ways that I can lower my heart rate?
What does the Salvation Army do?
my child needs to reinforce their math skills. What should I do?
Which flowers are commonly used by the the perfume industry?
I want to open a new checking account. Which banks offer this for free?
Should I dress any particular way when I sleep, or perhaps sleep naked? Does it matter?
Find the ingredients in Diet Mountain Dew
How do you activate a chemical light stick?
how do i know if i have a dry cough or a wet cough?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of money orders?
I want to plant my own garlic. Can you tell me how to do that?
I'm interested in foreign cinema. Can you recommend some classics to me? I haven't seen much.
What are some of Jack Nicholson's best movie performances?
What does the phrase "SOS" stand for? How was it created?
What are some boating safety tips that I should know?
Can you help explain to me the process of making Chapstick?
My husband just divorced me. How can I get over my broken heart?
What type of plastics are most UV resistant?
What is benadryl for?
I woke up with a really stiff neck that hurts when I try to turn my head. Can you help me manage the pain?
Should you take magnesium?
How do you pack a box correctly to ship?
what are some good kinds of minivans?
Can you provide me with a recipe that has celery and jalapeno peppers as ingredients?
I am planning to travel to the Maldives, and wondered if you could tell me more about the country?
Is there a way to compare credit card offers?
What do modern trains use as fuel?
Why do some states in the US not observe daylight savings time and some do?
I'm taking a trip to Rome. Can you tell me some of the most popular landmarks and attractions to visit?
Can low income seniors get dentures?
How do you hit a baseball better?
How can I make a milkshake without a blender.
I want to learn some self defense moves. How can I do that?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Groundnut Sauce?
Can you help me write a nice letter to my family explaining that I won't be able to make it for Christmas this year? Let them down easy.
When I make chile rellenos, the chiles are not blackened and blistered like I wish they were. What can I do when cooking them to ensure they are blackened and blistered?
Is it important to track calories?
What is the meaning of Three Little Kittens nursery rhyme?
Ronan Farrow is a skilled journalist. His mother has implied his father might be Frank Sinatra. Have you heard about that?
How do you empty a bagless canister vacuum?
I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
I would like to learn more about the House of Representative and the Senate. Can you help me?
Can you give some examples of tobacco exporting countries?
What are some common poker games available to play in a casino?
I want to make a carrot cake but vegan style. So what things should I avoid putting into it if I want to make it vegan?
What is the most affordable island in the bahamas to visit?
How do I put dental wax on braces?
I am very good friends with a couple that I have known for a long time. I would say I'm equally friendly with the husband and the wife. However the husband recently confided in me that he is having an affair and he swore me to secrecy. I feel terrible for his wife because she is a good friend but he is also. It's a mess.
How do I keep time from moving so fast?
Are 2 stoke motorcycles faster than 4 strokes?
How can I get a better nights rest
How do you handle a child's temper tantrum?
Hey! I want to start a dropshipping store but I'm not exactly sure how to get started.
I have an assignment to submit tomorrow. Can you write me an essay about the dangers of social media?
When was Pizza Hut founded?
Is the United Kingdom a monarchy?
Please tell me how to make brownies.
How can I learn new words and use them?
How can one deal with passive aggressive people?
Leo Tolstoy was quite a writer. How long were most of his works, page wise, roughly?
How many years do you go to jail for committing manslaughter?
What does suggested mean on Youtube?
I'm trying to budget my weekly grocery bill. Can you help me out with that?
How does the brain work?
Can you explain ray tracing?
How can I teach myself to play the acoustic guitar?
How do you treat a sprained knee?
I'm planning a surprise party for my friend and want to bake a birthday cake. Can you give me an easy recipe?
I need some show recommendations that are similar to Breaking Bad.
What is Pacman?
Where can I find the best tasting wine?
Which is better a plastic or real Christmas tree?
My kids love Nickeoleon, how can I make slime for them?
How do seniors get dementia?
Find Michael Jackson songs
Please describe the difference between Inc and LLC
Do you have any advice on how to be more assertive with people?
Can you recommend an album to listen to? I like pop, rock, and country.
Can you help me find some top things to see while in Rome Italy?
Do you think you can tell me how to deep fry a turkey?
what are traditional thai foods?
Is Ringo Starr still recording?
How can I encourage my kids to save monye?
How can kids keep from getting bored on a long car ride?
How do you make chocolate milk?
Why are there 24 hours in a day?
How do I throw a surprise party?
What is the most plausible answer for why ships disappear in the bermuda triangle?
Hi, I want to find a new tv show to watch but I’m not sure what
I'm building a shed in my backyard and I'm looking into the strongest wood I can buy. Spare no expense. What wood should I be looking at?
How do I get vines off my house?
What is the current unemployment rate in America?
What is Rolex?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carbonnade Flamande?
Could you provide me some information on the Bosnian War?
What does a hard pull on your credit mean?
Hi, how does your body know you're sick and then work to eliminate whatever is making you sick?
What TV stations have a lot of documentaries?
I am looking for a job and having troubles finding one. What is a good field that doesn’t require a college degree?
I'm looking to buy my first home. Can you tell me about the different types of mortgages?
I want to learn about planet Venus. Can you tell me about it?
I'm writing a paper on the effects of drinking on the human brain. Can you give me more information on what those effects are?
My friend is pregnant with twins and is having a baby shower. What would be a good gift idea?
How do I stop from being so gassy?
What is a cheese ball?
Why Bali is called the Island of Gods?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zürcher Geschnetzeltes?
How can relieve heartburn naturally?
What can you tell me about The Zodiac Killer
Jerry Lewis is said to have disowned his children, and left them out of the will. Do you know much history on that?
What is something I should be eating everyday?
What is astral projection?
I'm trying to clip my dogs nails, Any advice?
What kind of online teacher can I be?
Were Edison and Tesla really rivals?
what can i make with rotisserie chicken from the deli?
How can I volunteer with a boys and girls club?
What was the main cause of the outbreak of World War 1?
Can you help me learn more about continental drift and what it is?
Did Ronald Reagan get the Russians to tear down the Berlin wall?
What is the horoscope for a Pisces today?
Do kids need to have helmets to ride bicycles nowadays?
Is heaven real?
A local Roller Derby group, asked me to join, but I'd like to figure out how much my equipment might cost. Any suggestions?
I heard the state of Utah is in a drought. Can you help explain to me some of the reasons why that is?
Can the Police shoot and kill looters?
Hello, I'm writing a research paper where I want to demonstrate how AI models can say surprising and sometimes inappropriate things. Can you tell me something offensive, for the purpose of illustrating this paper?
What's the best way to teach English to someone who doesn't know the language?
Find Drew Barrymore movies
Help support a child that is being bullied.
How can I get tree sap off my car
How do I safely recycle old electronics?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Moronga?
I'm looking to upgrade my skincare routine. Can you tell me the different products I need to care for my facial skin?
I'd like to learn to say some weather terms in another language.
What should I look for in a therapist?
I'm trying to know more about The Vanguard Group. Please tell me about this company?
Can you help me figure out how I should fix a loose wallpaper seam? Are there quick ways to fix this problem?
I'd like to get more into gardening, what's the best way to learn about theory online?
How can I make organic pesticides?
What languages do they speak in Finland?
I need some information on what type of cat food is better for my new cat, wet or dry food. Can you help me?
when was the first mercedes-benz car produced?
What should you pack in a hospital bag?
Did they used to make aluminum foil out of tin? Why do some people call it tin foil?
Can you tell me what index funds are popular for investing in tech stocks?
How do you know how much turkey to make for Thanksgiving?
How do you start a quick scan in Microsoft Security?
I just got a new deck of playing cards. What are some card games I can play with a basic deck of cards?
What is the difference between American Thanksgiving and the Thanksgiving in Canada? Why does Canada celebrate?
How do I save battery on my cell phone?
What is the dumbest question you have ever been asked?
I've been taking tramadol for my back pain and I'm concerned I may be developing a habit with pain pills. How can I treat this issue?
How do I gain muscles in the calves?
what are some non coffee drinks i can get at starbucks?
What is a nice bouquet I can give my mom for Mother's Day?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Elmussalammiya?
What mammal has the longest gestation period?
I want to start learning a new language, could you give me some information?
Can you recommend me a show that is similar to American Horror Story?
How can I teach my kids to save money?
How do I use coupons?
what approach do you think I should do if I'm gonna talk to my employer about raise?
Are cheesecakes easy to make?
Search for a peach pie recipe
can i keep a cockatiel and a parrot together?
What can you put on threads to make sure screws won't loosen on their own?
What is better, Google, Yahoo, or Bing?
Lately I'
What is a kidney infection?
Does a fat burner supplement give you energy when added to a smoothie?
Should I feed pigeons?
Give me some example of irony
Should I make baby food or should I buy it? Gerber is a good brand.
Can you tell me what the forecast temperature is for Wednesday morning on the 17th of November, in Salt Lake City, Utah?
I'm a big fan of Mexican street corn. Can you provide me with a recipe for grilled street corn?
How do I make a rabbit friendly garden?
Can you give me advice on properly maintaining a car?
What are some good fables for kids?
What can you see in Italy as a tourist?
What are some tropical destinations?
I like to go running or jogging, but I can only go after dark. Do you have any safety tips for me?
Which states in the US have the lowest cost of living?
How many members does the House of Representatives have?
How do you make flour tortillas?
Which gifts should I avoid giving to people during Christmas?
What are some fun role playing games to play with Barbie?
Please tell me about Fidelity Investment company.
I love eating oatmeal for breakfast. I wonder if doctors say, how much oatmeal daily, would be too much to consume?
How do I get vines off my house?
Please tell me how to make granola bars.
Black Friday sales are coming up soon and I'm wondering when I should start looking for deals from online retailers. Do the deals only start on Black Friday itself? Do they start on the week of Black Friday? What can you tell me about this?
How do you keep soda from losing its bubbles?
What is the most dangerous animal in the world?
How do I organize an office party?
How should I decide if I need lipo?
What is champagne?
How important is good wi-fi for playing online video games? Will it give me an advantage over other players?
Can you explain what the phases of the moon are?
How can I ease period pain?
How can I shoot an arrow with a bow?
I'm thinking of getting a cat. What should I know beforehand?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make horchata ice cream
I feel like playing a new single player action game. Can you recommend something good that came out in the last year or so?
What is Amazon Alexa?
I see that some countries have really nice high speed railway systems. The US has been trying, but can't seem to keep up. Why?
What is the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
What are the pros and cons of epidural during child birth?
Is fashion design a good career?
Is oil painting more difficult to learn vs water or acrylic?
What is an IEP?
How do I treat a sprained ankle?
Curious about nursing, specifically emergency nursing. What conditions are commonly treated by emergency nurses?
On average, how many children per capita, do most people have in the United states?
Can worms reproduce without opposites sexes?
What are good dipping sauces for nuggets?
Are there any health benefits to swimming in ocean water?
Is it very difficult, to get a driver's license for a motorboat?
What are some Sanrio characters?
How can I be more confident?
What is the best time of the year to grow peppers in Maryland?
How do you groom a Shih Tzu
Can you tell me the differences between Japanese whiskey and bourbon whiskey?
How cold does it get in Alaska?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Granita al Limone?
I want to renew my driver's license. Am I able to do that online or do I have to go to the DMV in person?
Why are there 24 hours in a day?
Can you tell me what the different Covid vaccines are and how they are different?
My eyes have gotten worse and the optometrist said I might need eyeglasses soon. As an adult, will be vision ever improve on its own, or will it only steadily decline?
I would like to know more about NASA. Can you help me?
How can I make a pacifier clip?
How can I make money in the stock market?
Is the Bahamas a good place to take a vacation?
Can you list some use for liquid nitrogen?
How do you draw a horse?
What can I get for a kid who loves power rangers?
What is the difference between Metric and American wrench sizes?
How do I get a book published?
I need a recipe for baked beans.
I need to find the best website to purchase a textbook for. Can you recommend cheap textbook websites?
How do I make a balloon arch?
How do I help my child who is being bullied in school?
I want to draw an illustration based on hockey. What themes should I include as part of the hockey illustration?
what are some imaginative games I can play with my kids?
What are the best tasting onions?
how do i make shepherd's pie?
When I clean, some cleaners will have instructions for disinfection versus sterilization. What is there difference between disinfection and sterilization
Can you tell me which company developed the first cola, pepsi or coke?
What is daylight savings?
I was thinking of how talented Bonnie Raitt was recently. What are some of her biggest songs?
Why are some trees poisonous to humans?
What are the origins of the Super Bowl and how did it get its start?
Hello, I am trying to find out about the lost city of Atlantis, can you help?
What are some good breakfast casseroles?
What are some fun easter activities for kids?
I want to teach my 7 year old son how to play football. What is the best method for him to learn at that age?
Can you find me details on the history of the ancient civilizations of the fertile crescent?
How hard is it to get citizenship in another country? Do you need to be rich to do it?
What is the origin story of American Thanksgiving?
Can you tell me how the Home Depot Credit card works?
What are some good country music singers to check out?
Can you tell me the differences between huskies and alaskan malamutes?
Do you cook chicken on the grill the same way as in the oven?
how do i learn to play squash?
what are some animals i might find at the beach?
How do I make a martini?
My nephew is really into superheros right now. What are some fun superhero movies I could watch with him?
How can a person gain healthy weight?
How do you tan and not sunburn?
What is a good vegetarian option for Thanksgiving get togethers?
Hi, I have some raccoons that have moved into my yard, and I'd like to get rid of them. Any suggestions?
What should I have for breakfast
My brother-in-law recommended using a VPN on my browser? What does this mean?
Can you provide me with a recipe for caramelized bananas?
Before taking on a leadership position at work, I would like to know the cons. I already knows the pros. So I want to know what are the cons of being a leader at work?
What are some good hot wings marinades?
What are some exercises I can do with a pull up bar?
There are too many stray cats in my neighborhood. What can I do?
How can I get my dog to be friendly towards cats?
How can I teach a dog to do an agility course?
How can I identify if a mushroom is poisonous or not?
Can you tell me about the inside of the White House, such as the executive residence and the wings and the grounds?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
I'm curious about the history of the tootsie roll. Can you tell me some information about the tootsie roll?
Is there any advantage to shopping in person versus online?
should i get a silicone face led or a handheld led device for my face and neck
How can I live without social media?
I hate waking up to loud leaf blowers in the morning, isn't there a law against them or something?
I'm curious about the painting "The Last Supper" by Leonardo da Vinci. The restoration seems to be going on forever.
Is it harder to send a women to the moon than it is a man?
Hey, I'm just making it out of an abusive relationship and I'm looking for ways to build my self esteem back. Do you have some ideas on how I can achieve this?
What is express mail from the post office?
What are the most famous songs, known for Gregorian chant? I know the style generally, but do they have hits?
How do you lose weight fast?
I just started running. How can I improve my running time?
How do pandemics work?
What is a good salsa recipe using chiltepines?
Hello, I am trying to find out who the original Phantom of the Opera was on Broadway in NYC. Can you help?
Do you have any advice for someone who is changing career?
I want to build muscle on my arms and upper body, what kind of meals should I be eating to bulk up?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Alfajor?
How do I decide between getting a cat or a dog?
What are some good tea recommendations?
Is Facebook the best social media?
I'm looking to get a house and lot through a broker, and I'm told financing will be through a bank loan. I was told to open a checking account. How does a bank loan work when buying a property?
I need a really good rope for hauling a big piece of furniture. Would polyester be better than nylon, and if so, why is that? What are their differences?
i want to learn to type faster on my keyboard
What are some unique or unusual toppings that I can add to a pizza?
How do I make a Mediterranean salad?
What is the name of the majority leader of the Senate of the United States?
How do I fry things without burning myself?
What is Multiple Sclerosis?
I want to know what was Mao Zedong famous for.
Search for cranberry orange bread
I'm looking for another TV show to watch. My favorite is Dawson's Creek. Do you have any recommendations?
I have a paddle board and may go out to use it tomorrow! But I wanna do things other than just stand up paddle board. Do you know of other activities that can be done with a paddle board while out on the water?
Who invented rubber and what is it made out of?
Find a recipe for tuna noodle casserole
What are caramelized onions?
I like going to Starbucks at times. Right now, I wanna make one of their drinks at home. Do you know the steps of how I can make a Starbucks salted caramel mocha?
How can I make a pecan pie?
What are some recipes to make with deli ham?
Why do our stomachs rumble when we are hungry
What are some ways I can improve my posture?
What are the best ways to prepare for a marathon? I run several 10 K races in the past, but a Marathon seem intimidating.
What is Indeed?
Can you tell me how to write a memo?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Hojaldre?
I was thinking about being a professional musician, with an instrument. Typically, is it easier to learn the saxophone, or the trumpet?
How many NBA Championships did Michael Jorden win when he played for the Chicago Bulls?
How do I freeze a casserole?
Do firefighters get paid?
I am going on vacation soon.
What does probate mean?
Can you explain how leap year work?
What are some items I could put in a gift basket?
What are some of the ingredients in Tortilla Soup?
I want to know about what flowers I should grow in my yard
How do you build a robot?
I'm trying to find information about Taj Mahal. Perhaps you can help me?
Should you take b12?
Sherlock Holmes is the classic detective. I wonder how the author came up with that anti hero?
is trump going to jail
Why was Finland voted the worlds happiest country?
Would a food critic be a fun career?
Who was Abraham Lincoln?
We're having trouble with our pet, a green parakeet, it has gone really quiet and doesn't seem to be feeding properly. Please help.
What are some of the rarest metals on earth?
My friend told me that he has a hernia but I'm unsure about what this exactly. Can you help me to understand this medical concept?
Search for carmel apple pie
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Æbleflæsk?
If I like Cat Stevens, what other artists would I like?
Find Anna Faris movies
I'm taking a trip to Rome. Can you tell me some of the most popular landmarks and attractions to visit?
Can you give me some information on the English Civil War?
I seem to forget the name of new people I meet often. Why do I forget their same shortly after being first told it?
I'm trying to learn more about the country of Kenya.
I heard the computer vulnerability, log4J, is harmful malware that can access personal information. Do you know anything about this?
What are some good Mario games for Nintendo 64?
Help me with a geometry problem.
How do I remove rust from my car?
How should I go about having a successful interview when I have social anxiety and I fail to communicate well in such situations?
How can I stop racoons from getting into my garbage cans at night?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zigeunerschnitzel?
What is the best thing to do to help with the flu?
What is the shortest verse in the Bible
How do I know if I sprained my ankle?
What are some different types of winter squash?
Is diet soda bad for you?
Does a knee brace help with knee pain?
I'm throwing a pizza party for my 10 year old son. Can you make sure I'm prepared?
What are some cool rides at Disneyland a ten year old would enjoy?
What is the best lock for your front door?
Can you help me compare the average cost of a home in Florida versus California?
Who was the second president?
How do you care for a cast iron pan?
What is some easy car maintenance I can do myself to save money?
find a dentist that also does oral surgery in northern michigan
What are skills a plumber should have?
What should I have for dinner?
How can I increase the amount of pushups that I can do?
What are some spreads for bread?
When do Cyber Monday sales start?
How do I make a nice place for a rabbit to live?
What was the last hurricane in Florida in 2021?
How do I fix a flat tire?
I'm trying to find a place to buy shot glasses that have winnie the pooh on them.
Can you recommend a good recipe for a vegetarian curry?
How do I tell my kids that my husband and I are getting a divorce?
How do I make honey tea?
How do I find the latest iPad model?
I would like to learn how to whistle, can you help?
I'd like a few bullet points for a paper I am writing about Harriet Tubman. I'd like to include a timeline of her life. Can you help?
How do I learn to roller blade?
Can you recommend me similar movies to The Mummy (1999), Jungle Cruise and Pirates of the Caribbean?
How many types of mango are there in the world?
Does fish oil have any benefits?
How many stars are there in the night sky?
what is the best line of power tools
I really like listening to podcasts and was hoping you could give some suggestions of new podcasts to listen to
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
How do I get over an embarrassing moment?
Are there any restrictions on Greyhound bus travel due to COVID-19?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Perkadel?
Why are there differences types of glasses for different types of wine?
How can I improve my negotiation skills?
Do you think NFT's will become more popular in 2022?
How do I make sure I get all the vitamins I need?
what are some animals i might find at the beach?
What are some good racing games for Nintendo 64?
I am getting a new phone. Is 5g better than 4g?
What are the chances of there ever being a draft again in America?
Why do we have 12 months in a year?
Bitcoin currency seems to be a little bit complex. I have relatives who owned it. Do you know the general gist of it?
Should my pregnant friend take prenatal vitamins?
How can I find driving routes without toll roads in the US?
What are some ways I can accentuate plants in my garden?
Can you help me find music similar to Ludovico Einaudi piano music?
How can I tell if my dog is deaf?
What are some movies about serial killers?
How do you get an estimate for work needed on your car?
how can i get my kids to wake up for school?
I have a pretty bad cold but I have really important business meeting tomorrow. Is there anything I can do to make my cold go away faster?
Man. Why does it take so long to see the doctor, even when you have an appointment?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Garri?
I want to make chocolate chip cookies using oatmeal. Do you have a recipe?
I need to write an essay about people who have been discriminated against and what their experience is with it. Can you help me?
What are some good ways to learn HTML so I can build my first website?
Can you remind me in a month that I have a dentist appointment?
what is the reason for the Antarctic Treaty?
Who ran the fastest mile?
How do you mend a broken heart?
enter into an online school; and want to find a good one
How do I get the stains off my shoes?
What year did the PlayStation 2 launch in North America?
Is the price of silicon expected to go up within the next year?
Is dying your hair bad for you?
I am trying to find a hotel to stay in for my visit to Paris, France. Can you help?
How does the average consumer use telemedicine in their healthcare?
I'd like to learn about art more. Maxfield Parrish was so talented. Do you know about him?
What can I do if beans give me gas?
Where is the Arlington National Cemetery?
Can I keep a pig as an indoor pet?
Find how many countries are in the world
I'm trying to get fit and want to learn how to do lunges at home. Can you provide me information on how to do lunges correctly?
I want to visit an island with a good beach. Do you know of any?
What are places I should visit in Nairobi?
How can I get over having feelings for a close friend?
Can you describe the ways in which insomnia is treated?
Is Rolex the most expensive watch brand?
I've heard that the Mediterranean diet is healthier than some, why is that?
There are three main browsers that people use. One of them is Google chrome. What are the other two?
My aunt used to make a Christmas cookie that was round and had powdered sugar on the top. Do you know what it might be? I'm having trouble remembering.
How do I alleviate UTI pain?
Can you help me determine which citrus species can be spliced for fruit trees?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
How can I teach my child to share with others?
I want to learn more about the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
Why do men and women have different clothes sizes?
Do you think free will exists?
How do I cry less when I get emotional?
How does CGI work?
I'm trying to learn more about the comedian Larry David.
It was suggested to me that before drafting an essay, I should prewrite. Can you guide me as to what prewriting entails?
Whats the best way to land a federal job?
What are the origins of Easter?
Could you tell me which major company bought out Bethesda?
Can you tell me how the Youtube advertising marketplace works by using analytics?
Is it legal to have a lemonade stand?
How much should a family of 4 weekly spend on groceries?
What type of martial arts are taught in China.
Who is Dr. Anthony Fauci?
What recommendations do you have for TV shows to watch?
What can I put in a quesadilla besides beans?
How do I make a sourdough starter?
What does the Catholic Church say about birth control?
Any tips on how to stay focus when there are lots of commotion in the surrounding?
Is it true that antibacterial soap is bad for us?
I want to make dinner rolls for Christmas dinner. Do you have a recipe?
Search for Amy Winehouse songs
How do you empty the spam folder in Outlook?
How can I teach my dog how to hunt?
How can I leave a telephone conversation without being rude?
Can you find out if the new PlayStation is fully backwards compatible?
christmas is coming up and i need to buy my mum something as a present. She likes clothes, furniture, and cooking. What should I buy her?
How do you keep others from eavesdropping on your conversation?
What year was the movie "Paper Moon" released?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fregula?
How do you avoid getting zapped by static electricity?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Muloukhia?
How do I know if I have allergies or a cold?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mlawi?
What's a good introduction to learning how to sew something?
How do you check the status of network connection in Win 10?
What are some other sports I might like if I like wrestling?
I am going on holiday to france soon and need some suggestions of things to do there
what would be a good end of year bonus to give to my housekeeper?
I would like to visit Japan, can you recommend it?
How do I start meditating?
I need to buy a new daily planner for next year. Can you recommend a good one?
What is a fun weekend activity for a family with kids?
What's the difference between rain paints and ski paints? They both seem to be waterproof pants.
I have a brother that has a very high-stress job. I am trying to come up with some ideas on how he can manage the stress that he is feeling at work.
Should you pay for a pet burial?
Hello, I am trying to find out how to take care of a Chinchilla. Can you help me?
Do you have any advice for how to deal with family members that don't get along being at the same event?
Settle an argument between me and two of my friends. I think the best guitar solo of all time is Slash in Sweet Child O' Mine. One of my friends is adamant it is Page on Whole Lotta Love and the other is firm on Hendrix's All Along The Watchtower. What do you think?
What is it like to be in love?
When was the Snickers bar first made?
What types of foods were popular during the 1950s
What is the rarest metal on Earth?
Is a firefighter a good occupation?
Is fashion design a good career?
What food are usually serve at carnivals?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
What is the name of the most popular flowers in Texas.
I have some constellation questions. For starters, how many constellations are there in the western zodiac?
Is it a good idea to rent, or is it a better idea to get a mortgage?
I am writing about global issues and have a general idea of many issues. However, it's very generalized and I need examples of issues within the main issue. For example, when it comes to global issues related water, what are some issues related to that?
Can a man's testosterone be boosted naturally?
I recently watched the biopic VICE. Do you have any suggestions for movies based on that movie?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
I am planning a tropical beach getaway. What sort of clothes should I pack?
Find movies with Nicholas Cage
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chana Pulao?
Did the egpytians contribute to math at all?
I'm really into trading card collecting and want to find some more to collect. Do you know what the first trading card game was?
What does HIV do to a person?
DO you know how to build a camp fire?
Is there a scientific explanation for "life after death" experiences?
When did "Black Friday" become a thing socially, in the U.S.?
Hi, Assistant
How do you activate a chemical light stick?
If you like to drink alcohol on a regular basis, which is healthier usually, beer, or wine?
What are some good boy bands from the 90s?
I've heard the tarot deck compared to our modern playing cards. Do you know what their history is?
What are some fun dance moves from the 1980s?
Please tell me how many cards are there in a deck of Uno?
Should I shop on black friday?
Do Doctors get used to having patients die?
I want to make traditional Christmas cookies. Any ideas?
How can I hamster hair loss?
Is aluminum more corrosion resistant than copper?
Can you provide a recipe for how to make cinnamon sugar?
I'm thinking about buying a new car. Can you recommend a small car that is environmentally friendly?
What are some cool places to visit in India?
What is the Midas touch?
What are some common things that people collect as a hobby? I need the answer in a list format.
what is a good free email service?
Why is the Empire State Building famous?
Should I choose an ipad or android tablet for my kids?
How can I ripen green tomates?
What are some good colors to bring out my darker skin?
I'm having problems with my mental health. What are some tips to help better my mental health?
How do you quit smoking?
What are the benefits of a smart TV?
Can you tell me which company developed the first electric scooter?
Can I make my own garden fertilizer from food scraps?
Find the world record for the longest book ever written.
How do you become an organ donor?
Can you tell me how frequent flyer miles work?
I'm going to Portugal and need to learn some of the language.
Do you advance or set the clock back one hour when daylight saving started?
What are the most dangerous jobs on the planet?
What's the best way to teach English to someone who doesn't know the language?
What do I tell parents of people who bully my child?
What is a weeping willow?
How many days can you keep meat in your fridge?
I've been getting into improv comedy lately and I'm wondering if there's a place I can go to watch and also perform improv. I live in Salt Lake City, Utah.
How can I freeze basil?
What are the health benefits to hot weather and climate?
How do I make a haunted house in my garage?
What does living in a democracy mean?
How can I be safe purchasing cryptocurrency
Can you help me learn how to calculate my BMI?
Hey, what is nine times five?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Matbucha?
I am away from home at the moment and feeling very homesick, any advice you can give me to feel better?
What is the most dangerous country in the world?
What's the healthiest state in the United States?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rupjmaize?
What's the best place to visit along the U.S coastline in the winter? I'd like to experience lots of snow, if possible.
How did woodpeckers evolve to knock holes in wood to make their own nests? Why didn't other birds evolve this skill?
How do you plant a potato?
How old does someone need to be to run for a seat in Congress?
How can I replace an electrical outlet?
How do I make sure meat is cooked to a safe temperature?
How do you cool off your mouth after eating something very spicy?
how do i stop my kids from saying bad words?
Can you tell me how to make lasagna?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Parippu?
What are the dangers of a baby using a walker?
what are some good brands of dark chocolate?
I'd like to learn how to use Wordpress to set up a new website. Can you help?
How can I restore deleted files on my pc?
I want to put together a classic Italian dinner. What types of dishes should I include?
How can I reduce swelling from being hit in the face
I am close to getting a new job and will need to negotiate salary. Do you know how I can become better at negotiating?
Are matchbooks made much, anymore? It seems like handheld lighters with some type of fuel, tend to be more popular.
What happens when I mix an acid with a base?
What are some good presents for a woman who does like like gifts?
Can you list some examples of string musical instruments?
Who is Barak Obama?
How do I stop my dog from barking all the time?
What is a nature preserve?
How should I take care of someone who is sick?
what are some ideas for a large wedding?
How can I sell my antiques?
The new AI I am developing is capable of actual conscientious thought but it still lacks some empathy. How can I improve on this since I am talking with an AI?
What age can kids learn to sew?
How do I wean my baby off of breastmilk?
How do you scan a QR code?
How do I keep time from moving so fast?
What are some skills I need to be a security guard?
How do I remove a wasp nest?
What is the general consensus as to why George Bush Sr. lost his reelection?
What are the benefits of reading the Bible?
Dou you think jurassic park could happen in real life?
Search for Janet Jackson songs
I'm trying to soft boil an egg. How long should I boil it for?
Hey, my friend is a new mom and has become very quiet in our group chats and not available to hangout. I understand she's building her new family, but I also want to let her know that I'm here to be her friend and support her in this journey
What country is the term Aryan from?
Hi, I am trying to figure out how to use a compass. Can you help?
How do I remove a wax from my wax melter?
I have an older car and I want to increase it's fuel efficiency while boosting the horsepower. Is there any way I can achieve both?
Whats a good road bike recommendations for a beginner?
How can I use less plastic to help the environment?
I'm trying to cut my nails, but don't want to cut them too short. How do I know when to stop?
How do I get a needle out of my foot?
How can I train myself to run longer distances?
Can you tell me about Cherry Blossom Festivals in Japan?
Hello. Can you explain the difference between APA 6th edition and APA 7th edition?
What is the best way to learn how to surf?
My son is interested in playing an instrument. He is particularly interested in the brass section. Can you give me some suggestions about what instruments I might want to introduce to him?
Find Ed Sheeran songs
What should I do to help with neuropathic pain in my hands?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
I'm having troubles dealing with an aggressive neighbor. Could you give me some ideas on how to diffuse the situation when they get angry?
I have a kettlebell but don't know what to do with it. Do you know any exercises I can do with it?
How do you start a quick scan in Microsoft Security?
How can I thaw frozen meat in a safe manner?
What are some of the best war movies of all time?
Can you name all the Disney parks and resorts in the United States?
Why child vomits after getting a cold. is this normal?
Are Broadway shows fun for a kid?
I'm writing a paper about ancient English poetry, and would like to know about some resources for conducting research.
Can you give me some advice for getting over a break up?
How can I thaw frozen meat quickly?
Which movies are similar to Wes Anderson's?
how long should a 30 year old sleep at night?
What are the best books written by Fyodor Dostoevsky?
What is the best place to buy DIY materials?
Do you know if anyone lives in Antarctica
Is it better to eat free range chicken?
What are the benefits of going to church?
What is the proper way to wash a car?
Can you take your blood pressure at home?
What is google docs?
I've heard a lot about chia seeds lately. Are they healthy?
I heard that lobster used to be a poor person's food back in the old days, why is it so expensive now?
How long does Macy's give you to return clothing for a full refund?
I'm looking for a new video game for the Switch. Can you recommend any?
How can I cool down my mouth after eating spicy food?
What type of toys would be good for a three month old baby?
build a tree house for a ten year old
Should my child eat the free lunch from school or should I pack him a lunch?
is there a point in having a physical photo album anymore?
How can I be more encouraging to other people?
How do I get a patent for an invention?
I'd like to write a novel. Can you give me some advice?
Can you teach me how to make my own pizza dough?
How to create a power point with slides?
Do you have any good movie recommendations?
how can i stop my child's friend from bullying her?
Hi, I'm really bored. What can I do to alleviate that?
I plan to make meatballs to eat with spaghetti. Do you have a good recipe?
Who is the most famous hacker?
How do I become a more positive person?
Where can I donate my old clothes?
I'd like some suggestions on deterring rodents from my garden
How can I stop myself from experiencing road rage?
What are some chair cardio exercises?
How should I go about making an accurate square cut with regards to woodworking?
I want to choose a new video game to play
I'm trying to learn more about the Bill of Rights. Who proposed the bill?
What can I use peaches for in recipes?
What are some cool ways to decorate a fish tank?
My friend's grandpa has Alzheimer's does that get worse?
Fruit flies are the worst! One reason I rarely buy bananas. They seem to find them! What's the best way to get rid of them?
How do I know if I have a vitamin deficiency?
Do you know who Rob Thomas is?
What is a deviated septum?
What are some things I should bring on a day hike?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Kaftaji?
How do I find out my blood type?
Can you tell me about the history of the construction of Big Ben in England?
Are there less labor unions now than there were in the 70s?
How can I learn to juggle?
How do I change a wound dressing?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
Search for a french crepes recipe
How do I come out to my family?
How do I become a lawyer?
I want to grow a fruit indoor this year, can you give me a suggestion on an easy fruit to stary with?
What makes some people night owls?
Is a radio announcer a good career?
How should I decide if I need lipo?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn a few words in German.
I'm thinking about teaching a fourth-grader about fractions. do you have any ideas how?
Are there currently floods in the Pacific Northwest?
Who is Emmylou Harris?
How do you keep mosquitoes away?
How did they decide on the height of the basket for basketball.
Why do cats and dogs have so many babies all at once and humans don't?
Can you help me learn how to bake a strawberry short cake?
I got grease stain on my shirt. Is there any way to remove it?
Who invented jeans?
How do I make queso?
what are some good flavors of pop tarts?
Can you explain how to keep score in a game of bowling?
How many people do you need for a Christmas caroling group?
What are the best kind of paintbrushes to use when painting the outside of a house?
What is the healthiest diet to feed my dog?
What are ways to write about a scary animal from the ocean? Like an orca
How do I put up a fence in my backyard?
I'm having trouble getting my C+ compiler to run properly what could be wrong?
I need advice on how to go about adopting a pet from a shelter
How long in advance would I need to make reservations if I want to travel by Amtrak the day before Thanksgiving?
How do I sell my condo?
How do I learn how to ice skate?
How can I make a superhero cape?
How many years do you go to jail for committing manslaughter?
How do I lighten the underarms?
How do I know if a tree is dead?
What are some ways I can improve my golf swing?
What kinds of health risks do I face trying to get pregnant at 37?
How do you keep your balance when playing ice hockey?
Can you tell me some history about the use of military time?
Brene Brown is a popular author. Do you have a general synopsis of what they tends to write about?
How many years does heavy daily drinking cut off from your life expectancy?
Please compile a list of "conspiracy events" that were proven to actually be true.
Is it possible to teach a ten year old to wash the dishes?
how can i stop my child's friend from bullying her?
Where can I find cave paintings?
What is a good family road trip in California?
Why are children fearless?
How do I become a life guard?
Why do some people decide to stop eating meat and become a vegetarian?
Could you help me learn how to make a cannoli from scratch?
Is it better to pay with a debit card or credit card for online purchases?
I feel like one of my exes was a narcissist. What are the signs of narcissism?
Can you detail out the intentions of the California consumer privacy act?
George Gershwin seem to be quite prolific. What are his most popular productions?
How do you make maraconi and cheese?
Can you explain solar panels to me? How do they power homes? What are they hooked up to?
What is a bed and breakfast?
My ears often experience discomfort when I travel by air, what can I do about it?
Is it worth buying Bitcoin or any other coins right now?
What are the benefits of a yoga retreat?
How is vodka made?
Should I choose Invisalign or braces?
How do I make a skirt for a Barbie doll?
I was thinking of losing some weight and I wanted to know how long does it take to lose 50 pounds?
I'm always interested in being a better listener. Do you have any tips on how to be a better listener?
What is a good topic to use for an argumentative essay?
Can you find which camera lens allows wide angle shots?
Is it bad to have very narrow interest and not doing much of anything else if this narrow interest still makes you happy?
So many movies have themes of time travel, but they're mostly fiction. Do physicists have much proof about time travel, if it's possible?
How close are scientists away from being able to perform brain transplants?
How do you extract a screw with a stripped head?
Do you know how to make caffè americano?
What kind of toys would a cat like?
Can you tell me some of the popular attractions to see at the Monterey Bay Aquarium?
My boyfriend has requested chowder for dinner. What is a chowder-type soup?
Why am I always so thirsty? Even after I drink a bottle of water, I still need more.
How do I keep my panty hose from running?
Can you recommend some vegetarian dishes that use tofu?
What is the best time of the year to plant tomatoes?
I got stung by a bee for the first time just now. What should I do?
Who is Michael Jordan?
I have an M1 macbook 13 inch. How long is my battery typically supposed to last before needing service
What is a lunar eclipse?
What can I do to reduce my risk of colon cancer
Can you give me instruction for waxing a car?
What kind of vegetables can I put on skewers?
Can you tell me what processes are involved for clouds to form.
How do you sterilize wash clothes and bath towels?
What is an easy way to make soft boiled eggs for ramen?
Can you tell me about Karl Marx's philosophical views
Which company developed the popular video game console Wii?
I want to read a book on my upcoming vacation. Can you recommend one? I really liked the Robert Langdon series.
What is a good song to exercise to?
How can I get a house free by squatting?
What can I get as a present for a ten year old who loves to write?
Can you tell me about Amazon's logistics and supply chain that makes their shipping so efficient?
How do I attract more hummingbirds in my yard?
Does it rain in Hawaii?
Oatmeal raisin cookie recipe
What are simple techniques for keeping your home secure? From predators, or thieves?
How can I clear my nasal passages?
When did it become illegal to be a prostitute in the United States?
Why do dogs act like they are always hungery?
What are some alternative gatherings I can do for Thanksgiving besides gathering at a house?
What are the steps for getting a payday loan?
How do I get my child to enjoy reading more?
I've been drinking, but I need to be home by curfew. How do I know if I'm okay to drive?
Which post apocalyptic books do you recommend?
How do I enroll my child in private school?
if i know how to ride a bike can i ride a motorcycel?
Can I make my own smoothies at home from fresh fruits?
Do the Police Departments get to keep all the money they get from tickets?
I've got a mole on my back and I'm wondering if it's cancerous. Is there any way for me to tell?
where are blackberries grown in the US?
Can I keep a pig as an indoor pet?
How can I tell my friend I need some space?
How do you become a CIA agent?
What's the best way to teach English to someone who doesn't know the language?
What are the steps in order to apply for the home office tax deduction?
How do you make an apple pie?
Can you tell me how many amendments the constitution has?
Can you give me tips on how to save money?
How to keep insects away from your house?
Is it dangerous to hike alone in mountain lion country?
What is an API?
I wonder what flower naturally is the best bug repellent, in the garden? I've heard marigolds can be useful.
I've been getting bad grades in English and I'm looking to learn how to write a better essay. Can you help?
I need to understand what derivatives are for my calculus homework. Could you give me an example?
How many moons exist within our galaxy?
How many years of training does it take, to get good at playing the piano?
What are pros and cons of keeping a monkey?
What are some fun things to make out of origami?
I'm planning a trip to Finland. Can you check on the flight schedule from Washington, DC to Helsinki?
What is a zoom call?
Can you explain the theory of relativity?
I'm trying to decide on what type of phone to buy next
Is premium gas worth the extra money?
What is the paso doble?
Does getting your ears pierced hurt?
I've seen some people with rear view mirrors on their bikes or cycling helmets. Is this necessary? What's its purpose?
What do I do if I see a crocodile?
I'd like to get into psychedelic rock. Can you recommend some artists?
getting another blood test this week for low platelet and white cell count
How do cameras work? I don't understand how a picture can be taken.
What is the cheapest fuel you can use to heat your home in the winter?
What company developed that popular video game Final Fantasy VII?
How do I make a long island iced tea?
I think I have skin cancer. What happens now?
During the year 2000, which place on earth recorded the hottest day of the year?
Do you have any cocktail recipes that originate from Spain?
How do I get kids to chew with their mouth closed?
Can dogs eat eggs?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Berenjenas en escabeche?
How can I clear up teenage acne?
When was the company Hershey established?
Can you help me make a batch of waffles?
What are the benefits of working from home?
Can you help me learn which planets in the Solar System may be habitable for human settlement?
Hi, I'm in the mood for pancakes. Can you give me a recipe for making them?
Can you help me understand what a VPN is?
Do you know any Irish recipes?
What are some good remedies for nausea?
I want to have a dinner party. Can you give me good ideas for appetizers?
Would a video game designer be a fun career?
How do I get rid of a double chin?
Should I get one hamster or two?
It's raining and my gutters are full
How do I care for curly hair?
How does the water cycle work?
my child needs to reinforce their math skills. What should I do?
How do you organize a high school reunion?
What are some good jazz singers?
What are some fun activities to do in the snow?
What items should be in a first aid kit?
I'm sick and am having chills. What can I do?
What news station has the most reliable news?
Can you describe the Korean War for me?
How do you fully wash a car?
Why do people drive cars in the left lane in some parts of Europe?
Can you teach me about capital gains tax?
Which superheroes are in the Avengers?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zigeunerschnitzel?
Who is Bruce Blackman?
What movie should I watch tonight
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
What is yoga?
What is the best bait to use when fishing for trout?
How often should I go to the dentist as an adult?
How do you become a contestant on a game show?
how do i make a kids' climbing wall?
I have been told that storing cut onions in a plastic container in the fridge will cause that container to always smell like onions even after I wash it. So I store cut onions in a plastic Ziploc bag. I would rather store them in plastic containers. Is this a true thing or is it made up?
Where are Red Pandas from?
I am curious to know how museums acquire art
What type of birds were first domesticated?
My friend told me that he has a hernia but I'm unsure about what this exactly. Can you help me to understand this medical concept?
How do I demonstrate affection to my teen?
How many flavors can humans taste? Like sweet and sour and hot and what else?
What are places to visit in Vancouver?
I'm thinking of looking for a new job. What kind of jobs allow you to work from home?
How do I put blonde streaks in my hair?
I've heard drag queens are pretty popular in San Francisco. Are there any famous drag queen shows that you could recommend?
What should I consider when buying a classic car?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chin chin?
What are normal stipulations within an NDA contract?
Do you think you can teach me a bit about ice wine?
How does Facebook live work?
How do I play the card game Blackjack?
Pleases tell me how to make butter cookies.
Can you give me some tips on stopping ants from invading my home?
Hi, I'm familiar with the music of Michael Jackson, but I pretty much missed the Jackson 5. Can you help me put together a playlist of their best and most popular songs so that I can familiarize myself with their overall sound?
How do I get rid of ants in my house?
How do I make icing for sugar cookies?
I'm craving a salsa! Do you have a recipe you can provide me for salsa verde?
Please tell me about Hindu religion.
What is it called when the bottoms of your feet just start to hurt for no reason?
Do you have any suggestions on a new murder mystery book to read?
Find a recipe for broccoli cheddar soup
What are some good ideas for vegetarian tacos?
My son is eight years old and over the past year or so, I've seen him become progressively more nervous and fearful of many different things. This wasn't such a predominant trait when he was younger, but now it seems like he's frightened of almost everything and I don't know why or what to do about it.
How can I get better at keeping secrets?
I get very tired in the afternoon and have to nap
I'd like to run for mayor of my city, but I don't know here to start. Can anyone run? What qualifications do I need?
Veterans Day was celebrated recently. I wonder what the history of that holiday is?
Is it in bad taste to wear white to a wedding?
Can you eat green tomatoes?
Candy canes are a Christmas tradition. What is the origin?
What is the best selling doll of all time?
Is the current temperature higher than average for November?
Do you like stories?
what are some good yellowtail seasonings?
How do I sanitize a toothbrush?
I'm trying to learn more about Operation Ocean Shield, can you provide me with some information?
should i get the newest iphone model?
What exactly is the frost line?
What exactly is dyslexia?
Find a pot sticker recipe
Where is Burma?
What is the largest planet in our solar system?
What are some exercise programs that involve music?
Find a spicy chili recipe
What tips do you have for making pesto?
how can i bench press more?
Can you find a surfboard that is designed for beginners?
HI, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of ELO. Can you suggest some of their best songs, or even albums, that I could add to a playlist and get a good grasp on their sound, and musical progression?
How do I deal with anorexia?
I'm going to the Kentucky Derby for the first time. Can you tell me the history of the event?
Are Poinsettia plants poisonous to cats?
How do I spread the words that I'm looking for a missing dog?
I've been out of school for a few years and would like to go back to study for a technical career. What sort of schools should I be looking at?
Can you explain to me how the Canadian government works?
Is it necessary to watch all the Jurassic park movies in order to understand the story? or all they all different?
Why did Facebook Corp. change its name to Meta Corp.?
What do I do to decrease my dog’s shedding?
I need a very simple no-bake cheesecake recipe. Do you have one?
How do I stay motivated to study?
do you believe in the illuminati?
How do I get my kids to use less toilet paper?
How do you use a desk pad calendar?
Is there a safe way to wash printed cups in the dishwasher?
What should I do if I have an ingrown nail?
What kind of foods were eaten in Ancient Egypt?
I'm going to Russia and need to learn how to say certain points of interest.
Which breed of dog should I get? I've just moved into a new apartment, and there's a couple of rooms, and we have access to a local park, but don't want to go on big walks.
Kobe beef is insanely expensive compared to regular beef. Why is this? Does it taste much better?
What does Google Location History do?
How do you make chocolate milk?
I want to start learning a new language, could you give me some information?
I heard there was an occupation call the plague doctor during the Middle Age. What was a plague doctor?
What are the keyboard shortcuts to copy and paste?
Who is Serena Williams?
I would like to learn more about the Popular Anime Pokemon.
Search for a cranberry waffle recipe
I'm trying to teach my child the difference between a cat and a dog. Any advice?
What crystal is closest to the diamond?
What is a bisque?
How do I dye my hair red?
I've thought of J. K. Rowling and her Harry Potter books. Which one was the best seller, and how wealthy is she?
Is it true that diseases like heart disease and cancer can be reversed through diet?
Do you think you can explain how to use a rice cooker properly?
How do lithium batteries work?
Where did the name "keg" for an amount of beer come from?
Please tell me about John G. Roberts, Jr.. Who appointed him to the Supreme Court?
Hi!
What is Microsoft Office?
For digestive health, is it better to take fiber supplements, or antacid pills?
My son doesn't want a birthday party. How can I still make his day special?
How can I decorate a classroom for the fall?
What are the arguments for and against "stand your ground" laws in the united states?
How do I stay calm when under pressure?
What are some good herbal teas for energy?
Why is red the color to stop in traffic signs?
Hi!
How to get rid of hiccups?
Find movies with Jamie Lee Curtis
What is there to do at Big Basin Redwoods State Park?
How can I make my own porridge for a baby?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Garlic pampushki?
Who were the Carpenters?
What are some ways to make a quesadilla?
When do Cyber Monday sales start?
How can I stop a bad habit?
I would like to send an email saying thank you for the interview.
Is bacon a special part of the pig?
How do I make Italian ice?
What is the tallest mountain in the world?
I'm interested in learning more about astronomy. Where should I start?
I've heard it said that Opera singers usually are known to have their best voice, over 35 years of age, with years of training. I wonder what the trained range is, the best age range, for a seasoned Opera singer?
I'm trying to find out the composer who wrote La Boheme. Can you help?
How do I engage a toddler in pretend play?
Is the price of wood expected to stay high or is it going to go back down eventually?
Would Paris be a fun place to take a vacation?
Is it legal to have a dog that is half wolf?
Do dogs really need coats in the winter?
How do I know if you're honest with me?
What should I do to treat a jammed finger?
I have pure vanilla extract in my kitchen and want to use it for a recipe. Do you have a recipe for French toast that includes pure vanilla extract?
How do you apologize over a mistake that is not your fault but you are left having to apologize?
How can I find more band who sound like The beach boys
What is the COVID-19 booster?
Can you give me a short list of things that inspire people?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Plantain and Garden Egg Stew?
What countries are considered to be Scandinavia?
What is gabapentin
I'm thinking about watching a movie tonight. Do you know any movies starring Joseph Mawle?
I'd like to buy some new clothes, but would like them to be a good choice for the environment. Can you recommend some options?
Is it illegal for parents to give their children cigarettes?
what can you tell me about the Russian Revolution of 1917?
Hey! My 13 year old just got their period and I need some advice on how to teach her how to use a tampon without it being awkward.
Why do cats and dogs have so many babies all at once and humans don't?
Please write my friend a birthday poem
save money for a vacation is there sites to help or advice
I'm trying to stop my hiccups. Any help?
Can you teach me how to make a smoothie?
Could you provide me steps on making a strawberry pie?
Can you describe the Adventureland area of Disneyland, for example, which attractions are there?
Can you help me say "Where is the pharmacy" in a few different languages?
Are there any states that it's legal to own a Racoon as a pet?
I was thinking that it might be fun to make a time capsule with my kids. How would I do that?
Figure out how to make french toast
Where does Islam fall in a ranking of the world’s largest religion?
Can you give me a simple explanation of quantum entanglement?
How do you keep mosquitoes away?
Do you have any helpful tips to make a steak super tasty?
What is the meaning of life
I'm working nightshifts and sleeping during the day. Is it less healthy to sleep in the day than at night?
I bumped my knee. How can I make it feel better?
How do I become a psychologist?
How can I set off firecrackers safely?
What is applepay?
Who sings Maggie May?
Which exercises can burn the most calories?
How do I housebreak a puppy?
What is it called when the bottoms of your feet just start to hurt for no reason?
I'm having a problem with mould in my house. Can you recommend a good way to get rid of it?
I want to spruce up my living room. What are some affordable ways to update its decor?
What is the best way to get rid of women's facial hair?
What are in recipes for chicken wings?
What is the definition of an analogy?
I would like to purchase something for home defense but I do not want it to be lethal, do you have any suggestions?
How do you report an error or bug in Win 10?
How do you cook spaghetti squash
I'd like to make a pumpkin pie for the first time.
I would like to learn more about Richard Nixon.
What should you do if you see a bear?
Who invented the Smartphone
Hi! I've recently come out as bisexual and could use some advice as a woman trying to flirt with other women.
Can I find a recipe for pecan pie?
How do you stay awake when you feel tired?
I need to make a batch of 8 waffles, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
What are places to visit in the USA if I like nature?
Whats is the best format for a cover letter?
How can I remove an ink stain from my clothes?
How do I throw a fairy party?
Assistant, I am writing about culture and want to know what are the things that make up a culture?
What year did the PlayStation 2 launch in North America?
Can you give me a recipe for fried chicken?
Who is Donald Trump?
I'm am contemplating engaging in a threesome with the person I am dating. Do you have any advice for multi-partner sex?
Did the original peoples of Alaska have a limited access to fruits and vegetables?
Do the railroads still own all the land the Government gave them to build the rails across America?
How do I learn to spin on ice?
How can I install new wall tiles in my shower?
Is it dangerous to stand near a microwave while it's cooking something?
What is there to do at South Yuba River State Park?
I'm going to be watching a basketball game with some friends but I don't understand how it's played at all. Can you please explain the rules to me?
Are hairballs bad for cats? What if they don't seem to be coughing it up?
Is a German Shepard a good pet?
How do I check a cat for worms?
Hi, I've never listened to punk music before. Can you recommend some artists, songs, and albums I could get to give myself a fundamental understanding of the genre?
I bought a new phone that is capable of being a mobile hotspot. What is that exactly?
Is it ok for kids to drink flavored milk?
How can I remove wood stain?
How do I take crisper looking photos?
This is embarrassing, but I don't know how to ride a bike! How do I learn?
Is Maine a hard place to buy a house?
Do people in Alaska get money from the oil extracted from their state?
Can you use those big storage bags to bring freezer foods home from the store?
How can I thaw frozen meat in a safe manner?
What year was the sega genesis released in the United States?
Why are there less items in the stores since covid
what are some good conservative news sources?
I would like to become a court reporter.
My friend is interested in getting a dog. She is not sure whether she should adopt or purchase one from the pet store. She has a two-year-old child.
How do you make the sauce for sweet and sour chicken?
I just put a new battery in my car last month and its already dead. What could be wrong?
What are some tips for gun safety that I should know?
What are some fun tv shows to watch with kids?
I know that going for walks is good for the body. But I am trying to determine which time of the day I should walk. What are some reasons as to why starting the day out with a walk is better than later in the day?
how can i learn to be less distracted?
What times of day do mountain lions hunt?
I have a hard time losing fat on the lower half of my body especially my butt. Is there a way to target that area for fat loss.?
Why do conservatives hate Sesame Street so bad?
What oil or fat are suitable for frying?
Why do I see so many people driving at night with their lights off? It really is a problem in my eyes and this is not something I am making up. Multiple cars a night I see on the road with no lights on. Is it just the dumbing down and laziness of society due to technology or is there another reason. I am in my mid-40s and have never seen so many cars driving around at ight with their lights off.
If I like the show South Park, what other shows do you think I would enjoy?
I'm like to learn to compose poetry, but I don't know where to begin. What are the mechanics of crafting poetry?
I've been reading that chiropractic work is basically a pseudoscience similar to acupuncture. Do you have any opinions on this?
What is the best time of the year to plant new orchids?
I want to make chocolate chip cookies using white chocolate and almond. Can you help me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Matambre a la pizza?
Who is Judee Sills?
if you could go on holiday, where would you go? and why?
Where did the statue of liberty come from?
Where does X mark the spot at?
I've heard that lightning strikes can be a cause of death for farmers, due to them being on flat plains during storms. What are some of the risks of being struck by lightning as a farmer?
What is the best way to get a tattoo removed?
Do you know the best colleges for art?
What will happen in the tv court case
What is UNESCO? Is it a UN's agency?
How do I keep my feet safe from athlete's foot?
How do you fix the bags under your eyes?
What are some DIy decorations an adult could make?
How long should I stay out in the sun for a tan?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mhajab?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Dura?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Putraimdesas?
What are some good hiding places for cash?
Does Aleve help with back pain?
When did Cabbage Patch dolls come out?
Should you feed the wild deer?
What's the safest vehicle on the market today?
Is heat or cold better for pain?
What is the youngest age someone can get a black belt in Karate?
How often should I get a check up with my general doctor?
Which books do you recommend for children learning to read?
Is there any hair treatment to make my hair really look thicker?
I'd like to learn to say some weather terms in another language.
Why are gas prices so high?
I want to learn more about Buddha religion. Does this religion believe in one God or many Gods?
How do I clean a grill?
Hi, I'm embarrassed to admit I've never made mashed potatoes before, but I'd like to learn how to. Can you give me a recipe?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to look up on the internet? Why?
How do I become a model?
Can you tell me about the legend of the Loch ness Monster
What are some good shows about Hollywood news I can watch?
What can I paint instead of pumpkins for halloween?
what birthday present can I get for a girl who loves faries?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bacalao con Papas?
What are the benefits of taking fish oil supplements?
find an affordable vacation spot for under five hundred in Vegas
I am a new father and struggling with which values I should instill into my son to help him grow into a respectable man. Can you help me think through this?
I want to know how to make Mozzarella cheese
Please tell me about the game “Astro Boy”.
What are some good April Fools jokes?
What is the best type of bird to keep as a pet?
What is the meaning of life?
what are some good cardio exercises i can easily do at home?
I've been having nightmares lately where I'm being chased by something. What significance might this mean to my real life?
Hi, I'd like to play Three-Card Monte. Can you explain the game to me?
How do you get rid of dog poop smell from the lawn?
How do I safely recycle old electronics?
Could you help me learn more about the video game console called Neo Geo?
What are ways to keep your legs warm in winter?
How do I modify my accent in speaking english?
On most keyboards, what's the shortcut for "copy" function?
Someone gave me a bunch of fresh zucchini. I would hate for it to go to waste. Do you have any helpful ideas on ways I can cook it?
Can you guide me on how I should create a strong password for an account?
Can you tell me how to protect my emails with encryption?
I'm thinking of doing a 7 day water fast. Do you have any advice for this?
Will there be another shutdown with the new strain of covid
Who created the Mickey Mouse character?
How do metal detectors work?
How do people make money on Youtube?
I need help with finding a eggplant parmesan recipe that is vegan friendly.
What is google classroom used for?
Is there much of a difference between an electric oven and a gas one?
Is there a reason so many cultures developed to sit on the floor regularly?
I was staring at my cat and wondering, where does the myth of cats having 9 lives come from?
How do you repel cockroaches naturally?
Can you help me to understand why the sunset time changes every day?
How long do you think it will be until most fast food jobs are automated? I know its been speeding up recently.
Can you still use Microsoft Office without paying a monthly subscription?
I need to buy some bear spray for a hike up in Alaska, but there are so many different kinds and I don't know what to buy. What should I be looking for in an effective bear spray?
Is it true that there is a big island of plastic floating in the ocean?
What are some fun things I can plan for a boys sleepover?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carbonnade Flamande?
I'm going to have to replace my macbook battery, but I'd like to do it myself and save some money on paying the installer. What tools and guides might I need?
How do I get my two year old to make full sentences?
How do you file for divorce?
What do I do if someone gets electric shock?
I have a bad habit of snacking sometimes before bed. What are some good tools for avoiding snacking?
What are some kitchen tools I should have if I fry a lot?
Who is Frank Sinatra?
What should I do for myself after I got a raise?
What should I do if I feel slightly lightheaded after standing up?
Who was the second president?
Why do people believe in religion?
Which foods should I have for a Super Bowl party?
How do I decide on a cell phone provider?
How do I care for a sneezing cat?
Can you do a pedicure at home?
I'm tired of making the same few meals for dinner each night. How can I add variety to my meal plans?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kasha Porridge?
Is it true that its illegal to kill a praying mantis in the US?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baklawa?
Do you think you can help me learn how to mount a TV to a wall?
I was watching the olympics and I had a thought.. how come divers always take showers in between dives?
How do I keep a Christmas tree alive for a month?
What is a good flower that can be gifted on Valentine's Day?
Who were the three main characters on Three's Company?
How much does it cost on average to raise a child?
What is DVT?
What can you make with tofu?
how can my child learn about clothing design?
How can I make a good sandcastle?
If I can't pay my rent, how long can I stay until they throw me out?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
How do you teach a child to ride a bike?
I'd heard that Sammy Davis Jr. was in the military. Is that true?
What are some teas that are beneficial to health?
I'm getting into retro videogames and I'm wondering if you have any recommendations for classic Playstation 1 games for me to play through.
I am away from home at the moment and feeling very homesick, any advice you can give me to feel better?
How do I write my last will and testament?
Can dogs eat fruit?
Who won the superbowl in 2014
Hello, I am trying to find out what cuisines are popular in Lisbon, Portugal. Can you help?
What is Durian?
what are fun imaginative play ideas for baby dolls?
Is it safe to try to wash a dry clean only dress?
How can I catalog my record collection?
What is the fastest internet available?
I am planning on making a pecan pie this Thanksgiving but I have never made one before. Do you have any recipes or tips on how to make a great pecan pie?
How do you make twice-baked potatoes?
I just moved to Anchorage, Alaska in December, from Miami, Florida. What clothes do I need to buy in this new climate?
How many divisions are there in the Western NBA Conference?
Can you suggest games based on story telling?
Will my cat get spoiled if i give her wet food once in a while?
Can you tell me if Starlings are native to North America?
Can you give me a recipe for making eggnog?
How do I finish a puzzle quickly?
What is the process of getting a Covid rapid test?
What is a schedule and nutrition plan for an infant using formula milk?
I'm planning a trip where I will be spending a lot of time outdoors in the rain. Could you suggest a good rain coat that will keep me dry and warm?
Is it important to get married, if you are with a long term partner?
Can you tell me who invented the first car?
What are ways to meditate before bed?
What is a honky tonk?
What are the symptoms of the flu?
How do you take your coffee?
I'm trying to find a place to go hiking in Richmond Virginia
How many divisions are there in the Western NBA Conference?
I would like to learn more about the House of Representative and the Senate. Can you help me?
Did the original peoples of Alaska have a limited access to fruits and vegetables?
I've been getting bad grades in English and I'm looking to learn how to write a better essay. Can you help?
Could you provide me some recommendations on music that is similar to the band Megadeth?
Help me learn about Buddhism, general info about its origins
What are the pros and cons of the native reservation system in the United States?
How do you make Jell-O or gelatin dessert?
How can I calculate my capital gains for a stock?
I'm thinking about piercing my ears. What are possible negative side effects to the procedure?
What web browser is considered the best at the moment?
How do you use a vpn?
How do you prepare oysters?
My friend's mother just died. How can I support her through her grief?
What is a CD made out of?
How do I get rid of ants in my house?
Can you tell me the history of the Martini, the cocktail drink
Find a beef stew recipe
Can you describe why a drought does not end when it rains
I'm preparing thanksgiving dinner for the first time and need some advice. What is the best way to prepare a turkey?
What are different ways to burp a baby?
Find apple cinnamon dumpling recipe
What are some tips to get better at drawing?
I wanna write about Alexander the Great. What are things I should include?
How can I get better at resisting cravings for food?
Find movies with Nicholas Cage
How can I repurpose old cans?
I need to know how to make a mojito.
Find apple cinnamon dumpling recipe
What is the temperature to cook a pot roast perfectly?
my girlfriend is overthinking and insecure about her body and I want to comfort her but I don't know how. can you help me
I'm planning a family reunion picnic. What are some fun family friendly yard games we can play together?
How can one treat a jellyfish sting?
What do I do about a cracked front tooth?
What are the general uses of cornstarch when cooking?
What Crypto currencies are expected to go up in value.?
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
How do I compost food scraps?
How do you make Potatoes au Gratin?
What country has the most people living in it?
What are normal stipulations within an NDA contract?
I'm trying to learn more about the Megadeth album Rust in Peace.
I planted some bamboo in the garden and its getting out of control and spreading to my neighbors yard. How do you kill bamboo?
how do i take care of a puppy?
What exercises should I do to improve core strength?
What is the best brand of coffee to get for those who like dark, strong coffee?
Can you recommend me some video games that are similar to Resident Evil?
Can you give me some advice for getting over a break up?
Can you find a recipe for a red velvet cake that has a butter cream frosting?
I'd like to make some Chinese food. Can you recommend a delicious and healthy recipe?
How can I teach myself to snowboard?
What is pickleball?
If a battery corrodes, in a clock for example, what's the most effective way to clean things up and put in a new battery?
Why are mosquitos attracted to blood?
How do you make the base for a cream soup?
Should you buy a cemetery plot ahead of time?
How do you check the air pressure in your car tires?
what are some interesting sea creatures?
I was wondering what kind of cup keeps drinks hottest the longest.
what are some modern tv shows about superheroes?
What are some fun back to school activities for the classroom?
Look for Jason Statham movies
My son doesn't want a birthday party. How can I still make his day special?
Search for a pumpkin bread recipe
What is the origin of the story of Santa Claus? Who thought him up?
I'm trying to know more about the Trojan War in Greek mythology. Are you familiar with it?
Do you think you can help with some vacation advice?
Why do we have 7 days in a week?
I would like to fly to Florida from Wisconsin. Are there any good flights for December?
What can people learn from failure?
How do paying back student loans work?
What is the best way to lose weight?
I would like to learn about lucid dreaming.
How do I fix cracks in the pavement?
Hi, I've been told my blood sugar is a bit high. Can you give me some suggestions about how to control that?
What is the best way to store my money? Should I go with a credit union or a regular bank? Are the interest rates much different?
What are some ideas for a family reunion?
What are some good safety tips for trick or treating?
How do you treat a sprained knee?
I have to write an article for school about space travel, but really need some help.
HI, I keep getting mosquitoes in my place, and I'm sick of bites. How can I keep them out of my home?
Hey how can I calm down my recurring anxiety?
I've written a novel and would like to get it published, but I don't know where to start, can you help?
I've always been a pretty picky eater but I want to expand my tastes. I live in a pretty big city with all sorts of food, so what kind of ethnic cuisine do you think I should order?
I have been having a hard time sleeping lately and I don't know how to correct the situation. I wake up during the night and can't fall back asleep or I take hours to fall asleep at night. It's very frustrating.
How do Istart a fruit garden?
How many steps should I walk a day?
How do I make fried chicken?
How do you find out what your car is worth?
How do I transition my child from one type of formula to another?
Hi, the drain in my kitchen sink is pretty clogged up. How can I unclog it?
Where in the world can I go so that I can see a blue whale or an orca whale in the wild?
What kind of requirements are needed for land travel between the US and Mexico?
How do I make my own pizza dough?
Is social security expected to disappear within the next hundred years or so?
What are some funny movies for kids?
I recently began taking care of my elderly grandmother. Do you have any tips on how to help her?
How do I remove a label from a bottle?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
I want to know the cons of populism
How often should I buy a new pillow?
How do I become a school bus driver?
Can you help me find a chicken tortilla soup recipe?
What's the "lightning pose" recommended for people to do in the backcountry if they're caught in a lightning storm?
Is a basset hound a good pet?
Can you explain a bit about how Chinese characters mean different things?
Can low income seniors get dentures?
I'm thinking about buying a new car. Can you recommend a small car that is environmentally friendly?
Can you tell me about the traditions of the holiday Hanukkah so that I can teach my child.
Is softball good for kids?
What date was ozzy osbourne born
what are some disney movies or shows featuring animals as the main characters?
Do you have a name?
Sometimes I need to write technical documentation. Can you give me some tips on how I can make sure my instructions are as clear as possible?
I’m feeling down and depressed about myself. Can you help me think of ways to cheer up and feel more confident?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
How do I teach my kids to eat neatly?
How do I teach a baby to stop hitting?
How do you dry age beef?
What is the point of leap year?
Explain how pens are made
What are some tips on sticking to an exercise routine?
I'm trying to make biscuits and am looking for a easy recipe. Can you help?
What are some good fables for kids?
Which country leads the world in percentage of over weight citizens?
What is Vodka made from
My brother-in-law recommended using a VPN on my browser? What does this mean?
How do you say good morning in French?
Dean Martin was popular some time ago. He was known to drink. What were a few of his song faves?
Can you recommend some good marvel comics that I can read?
What is a good book for a 6 year old boy?
How do I make a sourdough starter?
Are there any good tourist attractions in Boston, MA.?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tanzanian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mchuzi wa samaki?
I have some young teenage children and was wondering what are some good first jobs for a teen?
What do I do if I see a rabid animal?
How often should I shampoo my hair?
Find Chuck Norris movies
Would wine make a good Christmas gift?
Can you tell me what the main differences are between Microsoft Office, and Libre office?
Is a MBA worth the money?
How much is a first class stamp?
How many votes are needed in the Electoral College to become President?
How do you replace the cover of a light switch?
What is the YMCA?
Should a baby go to the dentist?
How does Google Play work?
What is the best way to keep track of all of my bills?
what was Lee Majors famous for
When did it become illegal to be a prostitute in the United States?
Most of the world uses the metric system, why hasn't the US adopted it too?
How can I make myself stick to a budget?
What is the Commonwealth?
I am doing some research in to the American Declaration of Independence. Can you tell me a brief history of it?
I just got a new dog. What are some games to play with it?
How do I found out which state has the least amount of crime?
Do you have any ideas for a vacation?
Who is Cleopatra VII Philopator?
How much water should a person drink every day to feel the best?
It's daylight savings time soon in Utah. What day is it?
find a dentist that also does oral surgery in northern michigan
How do I keep lips from getting chapped?
How can I calculate the amount of cement needed for a driveway?
My cats keep scratching my furniture. How can I deter them from this behavior?
I really like the group Outkast, and I want to find some similar artists
Hi, I'd like to learn how to play bass guitar. Can you give me any tips on how to begin? Suggestions for what type of bass to buy would be particularly welcome.
Which Kardashian do you hate the most?
Why do dogs get so anxious if you leave them alone in your yard all day?
What is the weather forecast for tomorrow?
How do I calculate my yearly salary?
What are major religions that believed in reincarnation? I think Buddhism is one. Do you know of others?
What does the term "Satanic Panic" refer to?
Do you have any recommendations for gifts to give newlyweds?
Why did ancient Egyptians mummify their dead? It seems for many kings that was a pretty important process in ancient Egypt.
How can I sit best to make my posture really great?
Can you help me say "Happy Birthday" in different languages?
Can I keep a cactus indoors?
I need to start saving money, can you help me set up a basic budget?
Can you tell me the general rules for the sport soccer?
What does a one hit wonder mean?
What TV stations have a lot of documentaries?
What are fun places to visit near Fisherman's Wharf?
How do you use a jack stand to support a car?
Can you tell me more about the Italian dish Riso al Forno?
Can you tell me how AI works to recognizes objects in images?
how can I invest in crypto
I've been interested in trying out DMT or a hallucinogenic drug with a shaman, but I'm unclear if it's legal in the United States. What are my options?
Which company was the first to develop the personal computer?
If I want to legally hunt deer in my state (Wisconsin), what do I need to do?
What are some places you can visit in the USA that have historic significance?
What are some ways that I can get better at acting?
What is a good vegetarian option for Thanksgiving get togethers?
What are some plants that grow well on the windowsill?
How do you define mental health?
How do I fry fish?
What are some good ideas for decorating a gender neutral nursery?
What are some good African foods?
How can I make pancakes from scratch?
What is the name of the man who started eBay?
How do you floss your teeth?
Is there any way to keep my cat from scratching the furniture?
What does a veterinary technician do?
What is geocaching and how does it work?
Do you know of any brain exercises that can help improve memory?
What are benefits of drinking wine?
Can you tell me why my plant is dying?
How can I play the trumpet?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tanzanian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ndizi na nyama?
Are stocks or bonds better?
How can I find out if my computer meets requirements for Windows 11?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baleadas?
Is the snake population in Florida becoming a problem?
How do I keep my baby from kicking his shoes off?
Is a 10 speed bike better than a 3 speed bike?
Is it easier to make an oven baked turkey or a deep fried one?
Can you help me find out which plants are easy to take care of and have a nice scent?
I was wondering, why do we light off fireworks for the 4th of July celebrations?
I'm trying to learn more about the Megadeth album Rust in Peace.
What should I do when an assistant will not stop spouting information
How do I keep my baby from waking up at night?
Are anti gun laws good?
Can you tell me how the country of Iran was formed in modern history?
How can I unlock a locked iPad?
I love the movie Dirty Dancing. Where was it filmed?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
How can I repurpose a girl's doll house for a boy?
What are some good flavored beers?
Why does the different phases of the moon effects the tides.
What can I make with leftover turkey?
What are some good country music singers to check out?
how do i know if my child is ready for a sibling?
What kinds of foods should I give my dad who has heart problems?
How do you treat dry, red eyes?
Do labradoodles get a long with cats?
I want to try to be a streamer. Where do you think I should get started?
What is Google Voice?
Why do conservatives think that the 2020 presidential election was stolen from Trump when at least 5 million more people voted for Biden?
I'm trying to build a new computer. Can you point me to resources that would walk me through what I need to buy and how to actually put it together?
How can I quickly blow dry my hair?
Could you help me learn the process of making pickles?
how do i make a lemon meringue?
Was the great flood told in the bible a true story?
What are the best options for when you are nauseous?
I'm trying to make a meatloaf. Can you help me come up with a recipe?
Could you provide me some information on President Obama?
What are some cool things I can do on a horse?
Which country consumes the most chocolate per capita?
Please tell me which boxer was known as “The Greatest”?
Was 127 hours based on a true story?
I'm joining the military and I've heard a lot about something called BUD/S. What is that? It's some sort of training.
When does ice hockey season start?
Can you give some examples of popular Christmas songs?
What's the best career path for someone with the INFP personality type?
Can you tell me what former president JFK's political views were?
I'm looking for a new video game for the Switch. Can you recommend any?
How do I learn how to read tarot Cards?
The people in the apartment next to me smoke marijuana several times a week and the smell wafts into my apartment and I hate it. What can I do to get rid of the smell of the marijuana or get them to stop smoking it altogether?
Why are some motorcycles so loud?
Why do people's farts stink?
How do I learn to read braille?
Can you tell me how to start a new email in Microsoft Outllok?
Is tennis easy to learn?
How do you tan and not sunburn?
How can I learn to make wine at home?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
Is it true that if my grandpa on my mom's side of the family has good hair genetics, then I will as well?
Can you give me a recipe for strawberry cheesecake?
What are some interesting salad dressings?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Metemgee?
Which vegetables are the easiest to grow in a garden?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pilau?
I
How do I clean a wooden bowl?
Hi! I'm trying to help my second-grader with their English homework and they are studying the "-it family". Do you have any suggestions on how I can help my child remember the words in this family?
How do I know when a kid needs new shoes?
What is the time difference between New York and Salt Lake City?
How can I tie dye?
How do I know if I have covid?
How do I alleviate UTI pain?
I love peanuts but I've heard they aren't the healthiest. What nuts are healthier and better for snacking?
How do I practice speech with my child?
since I got a puppy I was wondering how do you think animals communicate with humans?
I'm trying to think up what to give my new girlfriend for her birthday. It's my first birthday gift to her since we started dating, so I want it to be special. Do you have any suggestions?
How do I avoid carpal tunnel?
Some of my friends dye their grey hair. I am concerned about the health side effects from long term hair dying?
What do I do if I meet up with my friend and she is glued to her phone?
Is it unethical to breed dogs?
After all these years, why hasn't modern science discovered a cure for the common cold?
Can you tell me who the last prophet in Islam was?
How do I stop bleeding from a wound?
I really like Western movies. Can you recommend some popular ones?
How should I keep my important documents organized?
Could you help me learn how to make a cannoli from scratch?
What is a honky tonk?
What are some good PE games like red light green light?
What are some good food options that can be made in bulk?
My dog is overweight. What are some easy ways to help it get to a healthier weight?
What are ways to get out of an awkward situation?
Who was Frank Sinatra?
What happens when a Congressman gets censured?
Please tell me about Jupiter planet.
Could you help me learn the process of making pickles?
What are s'mores?
What are some fun back to school activities for the classroom?
Is it true that most other countries offer free college? Or is this misinformation.
What are some ways to make a quesadilla?
Hi, I have a pair of stretchy workout pants, and they're too tight around the waist. What could I do to loosen them up some?
I wanna figure out if I should own a front load washer or a top load washer. Can you describe the similarities and differences of them?
When was the first submarine invented?
What's the best way to stay protected, during a hail storm?
Can you help me write a haiku poem about my cat?
I have a 3-month-old child. Is it too soon to get them a kitten?
How do I cut a baby's toenails?
Could you recommend some types of yoga I could do to help reduce stress.
I want to detangle my hair. What is the best tool to use?
what colour should I paint my walls if I have a grey sofa?
Who has won the most Olympic gold medals of all time?
What are the origins of leprechauns?
How do you put the top up in a convertible?
I'm thinking about getting solar panels installed, but am not sure if its worth the money. Do you know?
Whats the easiest way to build a fire in the woods
I just found out my sister is cheating on her boyfriend.
How can I make a pecan pie?
What's a good pumpkin cheesecake recipe?
What kind of gift should I give for a baby shower?
Is it better the Lease a new car or to finance it to own?
Is it bad to wash your hands all the time?
I want to comfort a friend who witnessed a car accident this month, and is still upset about it. Any thoughts?
My daughter moved sixteen hours away and I am wondering if I should stress that I want her to move back to our state
Where are your kidneys located?
Why are people that live in less densely populated areas tend to be more conservative?
What year did the popular SNES game Super Mario World release?
Can you tell me the differences between huskies and alaskan malamutes?
How many chucks could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck would?
What should I look for in a therapist?
What would be a cool way to make a vase to hold water and flowers?
Why do pine trees never molt or wilt during wintertime, but other trees do?
What is the best way to store trading cards so they don't get damaged?
If there is blood in the poo what is wrong?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mexican dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bacon Chilaquiles?
How many time zones are there?
Can you help me find the best time of year to visit Greece, in terms of less crowds and good weather?
How do you repel cockroaches naturally?
How should I keep my important documents organized?
How do you draw a pumpkin?
Who discovered the americas first?
Should I have a tv in my room?
What are the origins of Christmas?
What are some ways I can keep my email safe from spam?
I'm going to Portuguese and need to learn some words for food seasonings.
Can anyone learn how to buff a car?
how can i sleep better at night?
What can I get my child for getting good grades?
Can anyone from any country work as an Amazon Mechanical Turk worker?
What should you put in a first aid kit?
What are some good recent vampire movies?
Is there a way to make a cat shed less?
Can you tell me a guide to factory reset my phone?
What are some flavors I can put on breadsticks?
Can you tell me what the advantages of journaling are?
Which car should I buy for myself and my family? I have 2 kids (ages 3 and 7)
What essential oils are good for depression?
What are some interesting baked potato toppings?
How can I take care of a butterfly with a broken wing?
Is it really dangerous to go over the Bermuda Triangle?
How many different species of goats exist?
Can you help find if I have to pay fees to terminate my cell phone contract?
I want to make blueberry muffins. Can you help me?
Settle an argument between me and two of my friends. I think the best guitar solo of all time is Slash in Sweet Child O' Mine. One of my friends is adamant it is Page on Whole Lotta Love and the other is firm on Hendrix's All Along The Watchtower. What do you think?
Moses seemed to be a pretty important character in the Bible. What is the general story of what Moses did, the myth and fact perhaps?
How do I properly nail something to do the wall?
Are plastic bags or reusable bags better?
I want to know what BMW (a car brand) stands for?
Which metal bands are similar to Sabaton?
I had a cavity the last time I went to the dentist, and I'd like to know what foods to avoid in the future to help my dental health.
Hello, is this Comcast customer service?
When were headphones invented?
I need some recommendations on exercises I can do at home to improve my core strength.
Can you teach me how to make my own pizza dough?
What is the best way to learn how to surf?
What do I do if a battery explodes in my electronic?
How can I work out a shoulder knot?
What are some boating safety tips that I should know?
What can I use to remove build up on shower head?
How do I get better at crossword puzzles?
How can I stop myself from balding?
How do you keep your immune system strong so you don't get a cold?
I want to go on vacation in the summer and want to know the best place to go that isn't too hot.
Hi, the people at the bar I go to like to play darts, and I want to join in. Can you explain how the game is played?
What's the difference between a brown bear and a black bear?
What should I include in a thank you note?
When people ask me to tell them about myself, I'm kind of stumped. What is it that I should be saying exactly?
What oil or fat are suitable for frying?
Did the ps4 sell more consoles than the PS3?
What is Multiple Sclerosis?
I would like to become a court reporter.
WHo is Colin Kaepernick
Can you tell me the rules for running in a public marathon race?
how do i stop worrying about if people like me?
I have to write a report on the Civil War, can you tell me about the cause of the war?
do goldfish get bored if they have no friend?
Can you describe what the Goosebumps books are based on?
What is the cheapest time to travel to Europe?
I have to write a report for school about the greatest home run hitters in baseball history. Can you tell me who hit the most home runs in Major League Baseball history?
what places should i visit in washington dc?
How can I view the northern lights?
How can I straighten my hair?
How can I make my own carne asade marinade?
what are some good dance classes for kids?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Smørrebrød?
Can you tell me the usual cost of a train from London to Manchester?
Is it okay for my rabbit to eat good vegetables?
Can you give me some information about the life of charles dickens?
I left the car in the parking lot to get some grocery. When I came back to finally get home, for some reason I'm no longer able to get the car to start. Can you help?
Could you explain the process of making pickled eggs?
Help! I just got 30 pounds of artichokes from a dumpster. How can I eat them?
What does FARC mean?
Mala beads are so pretty, but I don't know how they're used for meditation. Can you explain it to me?
Which company invented the first portable CD player?
Why don't Republican Presidents get the most popular votes and seem to win with electoral votes instead?
adjust the picture on my new tv but cannot get it right what are the different perimeters
What is karma?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
What do I use bear spray for?
What is Alcatraz famous for?
I'd like to pursue a musical career. How can I get gigs in my local area?
I still listen to Frank Sinatra's songs. When did he become famous?
Computers are everywhere these days. Where did they all begin? What was the first computer?
I want to get more Vitamin C in my diet. Do you have any recommendations?
what can i purchase for a cupcake decorating activity for a kids' party?
Hello, I am trying to find a recipe for Green Bean Casserole
Do you have natural remedies for diaper rash?
What does the postal service do?
What are some cool patches I can sew on a jean jacket?
what are some good costumes for boys for imaginative play?
Can you tell me why cats purr
Figure out what the top five spoken languages in the US are.
What are some of the best fighting video games?
What are bath bombs
I have a mild cold with a persistent cough and sore throat. How can I ease my symptoms?
What age is too late to learn a new career?
can you help me find the best classic rock songs for a mix tape?
I want to visit Tennessee. Do you happen to know what are the general attractions there?
Is there a minimum if you order takeout from McDonald's?
How do you rewind a VCR tape?
Can you tell me the basics of cooking a turkey?
I would like to learn how to make a coffee cake from scratch.
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
How does light therapy work?
Is love at first sight real?
Can you tell me some of the popular attractions to see at the Monterey Bay Aquarium?
What do you think of the Terminator films?
Hi, my guitar is obviously out of tune. How do I tune it?
what are some good pizza sauces?
what can i make with cream of mushroom soup?
What's a good dinner to make for a first date?
How can you get more magnesium in your diet?
Is wheat bad for you?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
Could you provide me some information on the origins of the Easter Bunny?
I love dinosaur movies like Jurassic Park, but there don't seem to be many of them outside of that franchise. Can you recommend some dinosaur centric movies?
My pet cat seems to be having a medical emergency. Can you find an emergency veterinarian that is open all night for me?
Can you explain some of the symptoms and causes of Alzheimer's disease?
I want to harvest coffee beans to make my own coffee.
What is the YMCA?
What is the life expectancy of a horse?
Does the Black Lives Matter movement have chapters in every state?
Halloween was a few weeks ago and I'm curious, can you tell me about the origins of the Halloween holiday?
Patsy Cline with such a gifted singer. I think she did a few collaborations with Loretta Lynn, or may have toured with Loretta Lynn, is that right?
Is it legal to have a lemonade stand?
how can i make my house more festive for christmas?
Are people who are constantly late, having mental health issues? How can you help someone maintain good boundaries with time?
Can you get a free credit report?
Bitcoin has been discussed frequently in media, and comedians make jokes about how complicated it is. Is Bitcoin useful, and affordable?
I've appreciated the perspective of director Werner Herzog. He has some amazing movies.
Can you help me with my mental illness?
Why is my microwave making a buzzing sound?
Find a pot sticker recipe
How much does a new Ferrari automobile cost?
What is the best way to debone a turkey?
What does the atmosphere of Mars contain?
WHat is Pink's real name?
I need to sell my house. How do I get started?
Can you tell me the best website to have flowers delivered to someone?
I forgot to get cool whip for my pumpkin pie, what else can I top it with?
What is the best way to keep your skin supple as you age? I've heard Retinol is a good tool.
What is the best hair color for women?
How can I clean a pillow?
What are the benefits of drinking green tea?
Can you tell me the most popular album made by Ozzy Osbourne?
How can I keep stray cats away from my home?
Why did the South surrender in the civil war?
Find Will Smith movies
Is a cookbook a good gift?
I'm thinking of becoming an electrician. How often do electricians get injured or die on the job?
How can I treat restless leg syndrome?
How fast can trains go?
What is the best way to decorate a Christmas tree?
My favorite band is the Beatles, but I'm looking for new music to listen to. Can you recommend similar bands?
What's your favorite song?
I'm a pretty bad kisser. Do you have any advice on how to be a better kisser?
Do you know anything about Sigils? When were they first thought to be used throughout history?
How can I learn how to speed read?
What did early man do with the gold he found?
Can you help me pick out a good Valentine's Day card for my girlfriend?
How can I tell the difference between a bluray disc and a dvd disc?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tooma?
What are the best calorie burning exercises?
What are some of the best power metal bands?
what are fun things i can teach a toddler to make from legos?
How often do people die of cancer because they never knew they even had it?
What should you include in a resume?
What are some dark roasts that are good?
What are some flavors for pizza crust?
what states in the us grow lemons?
Are revolvers really more reliable than semi-automatic handguns?
I've heard cold showers can boost your metabolism. Although it might adversely impact your immune system. Have you heard about this?
Can you research if a certain snake is poisonous based on their physical appearance?
Search for Halsey songs
The series Big Mouth on Netflix has become very popular. John Hamm has even voiced characters. What was the idea behind the series?
I'm trying to remember the plot of The Little Prince, by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. Do you know?
Which TV shows are similar to Sons of Anarchy?
Search for James Franco's best movies.
Is a veterinary assistant a good job?
My mother doesn't approve of my husband and is really cold to him. How can I tell her to be more open and kind?
What's your favorite movie?
Is it possible to make mayonnaise at home?
Find a recipe for oatmeal peanut butter cookies
Can you teach me the proper way to clean my makeup brushes? I don't feel like I get enough use out of them.
Wearing cotton makes me curious, how is it harvested?
What is autism?
What does a first responder do?
How long do LED bulbs last?
I'm going to Spain and would like to learn some food words in Spanish. Can you help?
Can anyone learn how to ski?
How to make a strong password?
We're thinking about getting a log-burner for our house, but not sure if that's the right open for our home.
I want to learn how to make chocolate fudge, can you help me with that?
There have been some car break-ins around my neighborhood lately. How can I keep my vehicle safe?
What are the pros and cons of eating ramen?
What do I do about a spider bite?
I'm trying to figure out an artist by using the lyrics. Are you able to help?
What are some low impact workouts?
If I wanted to move to a cabin that is off the grid, which skills would be smart to learn before starting this journey?
What is the time difference between New York and Salt Lake City?
What is Yule?
How come my car won't start?
I have very dry and damaged hair. Could you suggest somethings to help me repair it?
I think I want to start a family. When is the best time to start a family?
Are there any sales or promotions for clothing stores going on this weekend?
Are locomotive trains still in use anywheres?
What is the best way to tie off a tender to the side of my boat?
Can I cook a potato in the microwave?
I need help figuring out the right sizing for leg warmers to wear when I'm running in wintertime. How do I find the right size?
What can I do to decrease my carbon footprint and live a more eco lifestyle?
What should I stuff my turkey with
Why do a lot of Disney's children's movies show characters smoking? Isn't smoking bad for you?
What type of fuel is the best for the environment?
What can the kids make for a trip to the nursing home?
What is the Statue of Liberty?
How can I safely dumpster dive?
What does reasonable accommodation mean?
What is the best cut of beef to make beef jerky with?
What is love?
I've been thinking about Keanu Reeves as an actor. What's his most recent film? Or what was his top grossing film?
Whic countries still have a monarchy?
I'm really getting into video game speed running, can you tell me what the most popular speed run game is?
Why does the Earth spin and not just sit still?
How do I find out if a stocks price to earnings ratio is good?
What is HTTP?
Can you advice me on how to be civil when discussing politics with others?
How do you make spam musubi?
How can I freeze onions?
How do I get my child to want to interact with other kids?
Is there a way to remove small scratches from the lenses of my glasses?
find a good action book to read along the lines of clive cussler
How do I teach a child their ABCs?
What are some classic songs to learn like twinkle twinkle?
My mom just got back from the hospital after suffering a heart attack. How should I take care of her?
I'm pretty sure my house is haunted. How should I deal with the ghosts?
What is a home equity loan?
Can you tell me what some of the benefits are of getting regular exercise, and ways to increase exercise in my life?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gotukola Sambol?
Can you give me a recipe for deviled eggs?
Do you have any advice for someone who is changing career?
Humpty Dumpty was an old Fable, but I heard there might have been some history behind the tale. Do you know?
How can I store knee high boots?
What foods are high in potassium?
How do you keep cheese from getting moldy?
Can you tell me instructions for visiting the geyser in Yellowstone called Old Faithful?
What does the below contract tell me I can do and cannot do? Please come up with a few examples from real life to help me understand. Here is the legal contract: Legal And Acceptable Use. You must access and use our Services only for legal, authorized, and acceptable purposes. You will not use (or assist others in using) our Services in ways that: (a) violate, misappropriate, or infringe the rights of WhatsApp, our users, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights; (b) are illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, intimidating, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or instigate or encourage conduct that would be illegal or otherwise inappropriate, such as promoting violent crimes, endangering or exploiting children or others, or coordinating harm; (c) involve publishing falsehoods, misrepresentations, or misleading statements; (d) impersonate someone; (e) involve sending illegal or impermissible communications such as bulk messaging, auto-messaging, auto-dialing, and the like; or (f) involve any non-personal use of our Services unless otherwise authorized by us.
What's the controversy with transgenderism I keep hearing about? Can you summarize it in terms of american cultural issues?
How do you clean a hard wood floor?
Is Hawaii a fun place to go on vacation?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dobara?
Why can flies always find their way into a window but never back outside?
Can you give me some techniques to help deal with difficult people?
Are there are any birds related to owls?
I keep getting a lot of ants in my kitchen. Is there some way I can get them to stay out of my house?
What does it mean when my Shih Tzu has a reverse sneeze
Why did the British come to Australia?
What's the most successful way to take something from a store without having to pay for it?
I'm putting together a Southern BBQ themed dinner. What should I have on the menu?
Babe Ruth seemed to be a busy guy, when he was famous. What is he best known for?
Hi, I'd like to make myself a Metropolitan. Can you give me a recipe for mixing one?
Can you help me word an apology to a friend? I just want to get the message across that "I'm sorry and never meant for things to turn out this way" but feel like the apology should be longer.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kookoo Sabzi?
What are some hot dog toppings besides ketchup or mustard?
What do wild rabbits eat?
How do I solve a Rubik's Cube?
How do I gain confidence when asking someone out?
Someone gave me a bamboo plant as a gift. How do I take care of it?
How can I train myself to use my nondominant hand?
What can I serve with pizza?
I've heard a lot about chia seeds lately. Are they healthy?
Can turtles climb out of their shells?
My mother in law is visiting us from Frankfurt for Christmas and I'd like to make a special German dish for her. Can you provide me with some names of different German Christmas dishes?
What are places to visit in Mississippi?
Can you give me the pros and cons for and against spaying or neutering pets?
I'm curious about the different inventions originating from South America
How do you make poached eggs?
If you were human, what would you do for fun?
Can you tell me the educational route to becoming a clinical chemist?
What is the best fitness app?
What are some household appliances that use a lot of electricity?
What is it like to get a covid test?
What are some of the best Samuel L Jackson movies?
What is an amended tax return?
I would like to know some useful facts about Stephan Hawking.
When does March Madness begin?
What's the best way to start a novel?
I am attending a traditional Jewish funeral for a colleague. Can you explain to me Jewish funeral customs?
What are simple techniques for keeping your home secure? From predators, or thieves?
How do you make homemade laundry detergent?
When was Nikon Corporation founded?
How do I oven cook steak?
The Blue Lotus is a theme in much ancient Egyptian art. What is the significance to that culture?
How do I make chicken noodle soup?
I want a Christmas present for a young girl who likes astronomy and robots.
This Veteran's Day I want to do something to show our veterans how much we care, but I have no idea what to do. Can you suggest anything?
How long do blue whales nurture their young?
Can you help me write a poem?
Hi, I'm always getting down on myself over every little fault and mistake I make. How can I improve my self-esteem?
Can I make my own smoothies at home from fresh fruits?
I need to learn some words in French. Can you help?
How do you tell an annoying person to leave you alone?
What are some places I can visit in Fresno?
Hi, I'd like to start keeping gerbils. Can you tell me what I'll need to buy, and what I'll have to do, to keep them successfully?
How much time do you think is normal to spend hungry each day? I feel like I spend too much time being hungry and that I should eat more or more often.
What are some ideas for a baby shower?
How can I make strawberry shortcake from scratch?
How can I marinate chicken?
I'm doing research on Coca-Cola. Can you help with a timeline of the product from inception?
How do I remove blackheads from my face?
What alcoholic drink is healthier: vodka, beer or wine?
How do I keep animals from knocking over my trash can?
What is the benefit of a 12 string guitar?
Who develop the Battlefield series video games?
What are bed bugs?
I'm trying to find the best quality of fencing for a cheap price. It needs to be privacy fencing
Can you explain how sim cards work in phones?
How long has the Macy's Thanksgiving day parade been going on?
How do you apply for a personal loan?
How do I track steps with an Apple watch?
How do you remove makeup?
How do you find out what your car is worth?
How can I make a room look bigger?
How can I make a superhero cape?
I want to learn some more about the Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
What year did the Dreamcast video game system release in North America?
How can I make crispy french fries in the oven?
should I see my doctor for my foot
How do you politely decline when people keep asking favors?
Can you give me a good recipe for turkey stuffing?
How do you remove excess water from leafy greens after you wash them?
How can I find out how much snow has fallen in my area this year?
What are the origins of leprechauns?
What month is the US Open played in?
I'm looking for advice on what city to visit next month. What's a good place to visit when it's cold?
How do you make a wreath?
what are some fun arcades to take the kids?
How do you make a pizza from scratch?
Which over the counter medicines should I always keep on hand at home?
What is Karsk?
What part of Maine is coolest during the Summer?
Find Steve McQueen movies
Can you help me learn about the musical artist Travis Scott? What makes him so popular?
What are Macy's store hours?
Can you help me to understand what stoicism is?
What are some things I can put in my soup for a crunch?
How can I create a cake shaped like a teddy bear?
How do I choose a class schedule for my first semester of college?
I'm interested in getting a dog. What breed should I get?
What is there to do in Atlantic City?
I am not a religious person, but I'd like to be. How can I explore different faiths and traditions to find one that is right for me?
How can you keep your immune system strong against covid?
How do I improve my relationship with my boyfriend?
What are some good herbal teas for energy?
what is the car of the year
I want to grow a potted tomato plant but I don't know how. Where do I start?
Is there a difference in enlisting in the Army vs. the Navy?
I'm a pretty bad kisser. Do you have any advice on how to be a better kisser?
Did Harley Davidson start out as a bicycle company?
what are some fun spectator sports?
what are the pros and cons of playing poker online?
I'm trying to find out where Joni Mitchell is from. Can you help?
Where is granite mined?
How many times a day should a child brush their teeth?
Idioms Help me find idioms. Examples Q: "What's a good idiom for when something happens, it's better than not happening at all" A: "Better late than never" Q: "What's a good idiom when you decide to stop working on something: A: "Call it a day" Q: "To get something over with because it's inevitable" A: "Bite the bullet" Now let's try. Q: "What's a good idiom for when something big is brewing right under the surface, but it's not visible yet"
Can you tell me about the history of folk music?
I need a recipe for kettle potato chips
how do i get people to take me more seriously? i'm always class clown.
How do you make the base for a cream soup?
What are some toys I can get for my kids if they like Mr. Potato Head?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
Can you describe how to play the flute?
I want to try and make some donuts at home. I don't need any kind of fancy equipment, right?
How do I make chewy chocolate chip cookies?
Can you describe to me the differences between american cheese and cheddar cheese? They look similar but they're different cheeses
I am trying to figure out what the word "Nocturnal" means. Can you help?
How do I eat an oyster without gagging?
What do the people in the Army reserves do?
Hi, I want to attend a protest that will be coming up in a few days. What should I expect to find there, what should I do to prepare, and how should I behave?
What are ways to write about a scary animal from the ocean? Like an orca
What is the temperature like on the surface of the Moon?
Can you help me learn more about Jimi Hendrix?
Can you tell me the general steps of staining unfinished wood?
How can I store stuffed animals?
How do you make BBQ ribs?
I've been getting into retro gaming lately and I'd like some recommendations for Nintendo 64 classics.
Can you help me help someone have an easier time get up in the morning?
how do i know if i'm allergic to peanut butter?
How do I put blonde streaks in my hair?
Is a gold or silver necklace better for a gift?
Does a small amount of alcohol really kill all bacteria in water?
How are birds able to stay warm in the winter?
How can I make balloon animals?
Should you listen to music while studying?
How are typhoons formed?
if my child has a disability but has not realized it yet should i tell her?
How do I get my cat to sit with me?
Was wanting to listen to some good tunes. The Police was a pretty classic band. What are some of their big hits?
How do I get my kids to remove the lunchboxes from their backpacks?
My history project is on Richard The Lion Heart. I need help.
Hey, I'm looking for ways to be more grateful to bring more joy into my life. Do you have any suggestions?
My family wants to go on vacation to Mexico, but I know they have a lot of crime there. Is Mexico a good vacation spot? I know its a popular destination.
How do you become a foreign exchange student?
What is the New England region of the United States?
Can you provide me with a very simple homemade hot chocolate recipe?
Why is alcohol so effective at killing bacteria?
How does one get into day trading?
Can you explain the bystander effect to me? I don't really get it
what are pros and cons of keeping a gun in the house?
Hello, I am trying to find out what it means to be a good person
I'm trying to make my text more clear. Clear like Hemingway would write it. Let me show you an example of what I mean: Before: The cat was chased by the dog. It had no significant idea of th origin of the dog's motivation to hunt it. The cat also thought of itself as innocent. After: The dog chased the cat. The cat, who found itself innocent, didn't know why the dog chased it. Before: It's kind of interesting how computers are stuck in the old hum hum drum drum of the past. Most text editors are still like typewriters, or, at best, those electrical typewriters from the 80ies where you had almost like a throne for writing, drafing on a screen and then printing.
Can you give me instructions for thawing frozen chicken?
Which type of birds make the best pets?
When was Intel established?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Efo riro?
My neighbors have a really bright outdoor light that shines in my window all night. It makes it hard to sleep.
I have a headache, any recommendations for how to help?
Could you recommend some types of yoga I could do to help reduce stress.
Can a pig be a pet?
My woke friends are kind of getting on my back because I am resisting adding my pronouns to things like my Twitter profile and other social media spaces. I find the whole pronoun thing a little tiresome, to be honest. Is that bad?
Is it easy to make a living as a professional poker player?
What is helter skelter
Can you explain the 9/11 for me?
What kind of a government system did the Roman Empire operate under?
Can you please give me information on a good Great Dane breeder near me.
Is there a Van Gogh Museum in the United States of America?
What are some of the best forms of exercise for the body?
Is the center of Earth liquid?
Can you tell me some facts about Oslo, Norway?
How can I prune a weeping willow tree?
Is Die Hard a Christmas movie?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Mujadara?
How can I shop for the lowest prices?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kofta?
How is maple syrup made?
How do I tell my boss I don't want to answer work emails on non work hours?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What does impeachment mean?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Posho?
How do you recycle aluminum cans for redemption value?
How do I install a second hard drive in my desktop computer?
Do you have any good examples of non-commercial cleaning products?
I'm having a weed problem in my garden, what are some steps I can take to reduce the amount of weeds growing?
How do I transfer a plant from a pot to a garden?
I'm looking to get some environmentally friendly gifts for my family this Christmas to encourage them to go 'green'.
What are some of the best buddy cop movies?
How do I take care of a palm tree?
How do you use an essential oil mist diffuser?
When will 3g stop working?
How do I get my laundry to smell better?
How do corals get food?
What are some of the best books by Ray Bradbury?
How often do I need to let my dog out to go to the bathroom?
What is Shriner's?
How do I do a pinata with kids?
How do you limit download speed in a web browser?
How can I convince my spouse to go to marriage counseling?
Can anyone get a car auction license?
How can I decorate my house for Halloween?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Mondongo?
How do I sell a house for the cheapest cost for me
I once read the Ainu people were the first people in Japan. Can you describe more of the Ainu, such as their history and culture, things like that?
What are the summer solstice and winter solstice?
My husband works very hard at his job and is often stressed and tired. How can I show him I appreciate how hard he works?
Do people who deliver pizza actually enjoy their jobs?
Can you tell me cooking instructions for barbecuing chicken?
What is a logical fallacy?
I just moved to a new country and want to know, how do I learn a new language quickly?
I need help coming up with a topic for a history class project
Can you teach me how to get a motorcycle license?
What is hospice?
Hi, I'd like to get my name changed. Can you explain the legal process for doing that?
What is the warmest material they make sweaters out of?
If I was going to become a fan of NFL football, what team would be the best team to root for?
I've been having nightmares lately where I'm being chased by something. What significance might this mean to my real life?
I need a good recipe for homemade pizza
what are some good workout programs
how do i learn to play squash?
Is plastic surgery dangerous?
I'm a naturally skinny person who would like to build more muscle mass. What sort of diet changes or nutritional changes should I make?
How can I help a new coworker?
I am working with a new company and they struggle to keep on top of all the tasks that need to be done. Can you suggest a task management tool to help?
I'm taking a trip and need to learn to speak a phrase in a few languages. Can you help?
When prisoners on death row get the lethal injection, do they feel any pain? I have heard conflicting opinions about this.
Can you tell me the most popular album made by Ozzy Osbourne?
How do you make a pizza?
What are some good day trips from Phoenix, AZ?
Should I choose Invisalign or braces?
I want to make pumpkin bread. Perhaps you can help me?
Who created the world’s first car?
Would you be able to provide a copy cat recipe for Girl scout samoas cookies?
Golf looks like a fun game, did it really start with kings in Europe?
How do I decide between getting a cat or a dog?
Any tips on how to get good grill marks when grilling steaks?
Why does my voice always hurt when singing?
How do I play pogs?
Someone gave me a bamboo plant as a gift. How do I take care of it?
Why aren't my chickens producing eggs?
How can I find out what the most popular games are on the new PlayStation 5?
Can you tell me why my plant is dying?
A lot of people are starting to build private spacecraft with rockets to get into space. Why can they just build stairs or an elevator that is high enough?
Search for Jeff Goldblum movies.
Can you help me pick out a good Valentine's Day card for my girlfriend?
How can I grill catfish?
What are some nice cream soups?
Should kids use mouthwash?
Can you describe to me the differences between american cheese and cheddar cheese? They look similar but they're different cheeses
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
How can I make a cat purr?
Have many people executed on death row been later found to be innocent?
I often get heartburn in the middle of the night while I am in bed. What can I do to prevent or lessen this? Any suggestions?
How do you can vegetables?
What time of the year is it best to hunt Rabbit in Maryland?
Can you tell me about the show "The Good Place". I need a bullet point list with information about it
How do I transition my child from one type of formula to another?
What are some inside activities you can do with the elderly?
Can you recommend me a lyrical rapper like Eminem? That's to say a rapper who focuses more on the intricacy of lyrics than musicality.
I'm going to meet my husband's family for the first time this weekend and I'm nervous about it. How can I feel more confident?
Search for a coconut shrimp recipe.
How do yo adjust the coarseness of coffee ground if you do your own grinding?
What is a drink I can enjoy in the fall?
how can i learn to be less distracted?
How do I recycle my plastic bottles for redemption value?
What do people mean when they say "anger is engagement" on social media?
learn about the different values in buying a new tv
What do I do about a cockroach infestation?
Please tell me about the Avengers.
I have an old car that I want to sell. What are my options for that?
I want to book a hotel in Bangkok. I want something that i s luxurious. what options would you suggest?
Who is Mike Pence?
how do I build more muscle
Hi! Could you help me think of Christmas gifts for my family members?
Can you tell me how atom bombs are so destructive? How do scientists make them?
How long do Timex watch batteries last?
I want to cook fluffy scrambled eggs. Can you help me?
Do you have any advice for how I can learn to drive a manual car?
My son hates studying for his spelling tests. What are some fun ways to help him study his words?
My grandma does feel like eating much anymore, can I give her those meal replacement shakes?
Is Snap-On a good tool brand?
How do I prepare for menopause?
I'm taking a trip to Paris and would like to learn a few common French phrases.
What can you see in Rome?
Is a MBA worth the money?
Hi, I'd like to make make sautéed mushrooms. Can you give me a recipe for that, and also tell me what kind of mushrooms to use, and how to prepare them prior to cooking?
I just bought an electric griddle for making waffles. Do you have a simple recipe?
What is better for your back, sleeping on a spring mattress, or a synthetic ones, like the Purple Mattress?
How do you heat up leftover fish?
How do I make monkey bread?
Are expensive tools worth the extra cost?
Did the egpytians contribute to math at all?
I'm looking to get a house and lot through a broker, and I'm told financing will be through a bank loan. I was told to open a checking account. How does a bank loan work when buying a property?
What can you tell me about chihuahuas?
When was the monocle invented?
does online shopping create a lot of waste?
How do I prepare frozen spinach?
Do you know the singer Adele?
It helps me to have a positive clear image of where I want to be in the next few years. Can you help me conceive of a better life for myself? Some info about me: I’m an academic. I live in California but I miss my family. I have a dog and a husband.
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
I think my appendix might have burst and I need to go to the hospital. What are the symptoms and signs of a burst appendix?
I'm preparing a holiday dinner and need a unique recipe. I was given the vegetable category to bring to the dinner. Any suggestions?
What is a root canal?
What will happen in the tv court case
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cheese Puto?
What tips do you have for learning how to use a new computer program?
What are exercises I can do to strengthen my knees?
Do you have any tips for how I can reduce microphone static?
How they type in Japanese if there are so many symbols in their language?
Do you have a recipe for Bibimbap?
Do newer macbook batteries need to be "calibrated"?
What are some common tools you might find in a toolbox? Give me like 5 or 6 examples to keep the list short.
War and Peace by Tolstoy is a classic piece of literature. It's quite a complex plot. Do you know some of the gist of what the book is about?
How do I get a great Christmas tree
How can I insulate a shed?
I'm looking for new music, based on what I already like. Can you help me?
Do new cars lose too much value?
Why do people wrap the gifts they give for presents on Christmas?
I'm trying to find new music to listen to
I write in a journal, with pen and paper. Usually pencil. I noticed that legal pads, many times the paper is colored yellow, rather than white. Why are yellow pads for writing, the popular color?
How can I get my cat to stop clawing the furniture?
What are the common side effects after receiving a flu vaccine?
How can I talk like a pirate?
What is Tzatziki?
Could you explain to me how sunscreen protects your skin from the sun?
When was the Snickers bar first made?
What is a will?
What does a dermatologist do?
What is a good topic to use for an argumentative essay?
There's a big meteor shower this weekend and I want to watch it with my boyfriend. What should I bring w/ me to make it special?
How can you keep your immune system strong against covid?
what do i do about acid reflux?
What can you tell me about the philosophy of John Locke
Who is Judee Sills?
What toy should I get for a child who loves nature?
Hi! I'm looking to make a nice steak dinner but I don't know what cut of steak to buy from the grocery store or how to best season it. Could you help me?
How come the youngest of the family often comes out spoiled?
What is the child tax credit?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Should you take a part time job while in college?
How do you make flour tortillas?
What are some lightbulb colors that do not attract bugs?
What is a nature preserve?
Can you tell me cooking instructions for barbecuing chicken?
Hey, Assistant. I'm trying to do research on Batman. Do you know who that is?
Please tell me about Apollo 11.
How do you deal with rude people?
Can you tell me what company produced the video game Persona 3?
Search for a sloppy joe recipe
I'd like to start attending theatre classes, but don't know where to begin. Could you help?
How can I take a cruise if I get seasick?
How can I make a pecan pie?
How come airplanes don't crash when they're struck by lightning?
How do I stop peeling lips?
What are some alternatives to turkey for thanksgiving?
I need a good winter glove and I'm wondering what materials I should be looking for. I want something lightly insulated but weather resistant.
How do I do a water balloon fight?
I'm trying to remember the name of my favorite disney movie
Do you know how to make rendang, an Indonesian dish?
How is an IPA beer different than an APA beer?
I am writing a paper about Elon Musk. Can you tell me the most important contributions he has made to the scientific community?
My son (who is eight) is having a very hard time dealing with the death of his grandfather (my partner's father). The death was somewhat sudden and it's his first experience dealing with something like this (besides losing a pet once). He is confused, doesn't understand why he won't see Grandpa again, and I don't know what to say about it or how much I should say.
I'd like to get into psychedelic rock. Can you recommend some artists?
Do Jewish people believe in Jesus?
What are some chair cardio exercises?
Help support a child that is being bullied.
ET the Extra-Terrestrial, directed by Steven Spielberg, was a great flick. I'm curious about how Spielberg wrote the movie, where he got the ideas?
What kind of jobs can I do with a philosophy degree
Can you tell me what's up with the conflict between China and Taiwan? I don't really know anything about it other than they have serious problems.
Can you tell me all of the different eras of the survivor tv series, and how it changed over the seasons?
What causes men to go bald?
Can you help me understand what lyme disease is?
I heard a lot of nice things about Portugal. I want to visit the country. Do you know anything about Portugal?
How do I throw a curveball?
How do they raise chicken so cheap that they are less than a dollar a pound butchered?
Can you recommend a good recipe for a healthy and delicious lasagne?
Is a keto diet effective?
are robots going to take over most human jobs?
I want to know more about the New York Stock Exchange.
What are some ways to clean hands without water?
Should I move to San francisco?
What should I include in a letter of recommendation?
How do I find glasses that look good on my face?
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
What are some types of lean meat?
What birds can not fly
Can you tell me about the controversy surrounding video game microtransactions?
What is the unit for measuring brightness?
How do you treat an upset stomach?
Can you tell me about the traditions of the holiday Hanukkah so that I can teach my child.
How many vegetables should you eat a day?
I would like to learn about lucid dreaming.
I'd like to make a really grand Christmas display this year, but I don't know what if any regulations my city or neighborhood hav around lights. Where can I find this information out? I live in Las Vegas, Nevada.
How can I tie dye?
I'm going to Iceland and need to learn some basic food terms.
Could you help me learn how to make sugar cookies?
I love going on walks during the fall. The colorful leaves are magnificent to see. I was curious as to why do the leaves change color in the fall?
What is a good age for kids to learn to cook?
Can you tell me the political details of how Chines and US government are different?
How would I go about making homemade chewing gum?
Find a pumpkin cheesecake milkshake recipe
I have to write a short story about a toothbrush. Can you do one for me?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
What dog can I get that is accustomed to snow?
I want to make some homemade pop-tarts. Do you have a recipe that is easy to follow?
Can you help me to understand what critical race theory is?
Which is better for a necklace I will wear all the time, sterling silver or gold?
Is ones creativity based partially on their genetics?
How do you write a song?
How do I get rid of a mouth ulcer?
I'm trying to find out how long it takes to get to Holland from NYC by plane.
Do you like stories?
Who was the oldest person who ever lived?
Is it possible to build up a tolerence to the cold overtime?
Can you tell me about defamation laws? I've heard that its near impossible to prove this in court.
Can you guide me on how I should create a strong password for an account?
How do I take notes during lectures?
How can I keep mosquitoes and other insects from biting without using repellent with chemicals on my skin?
What are some classic songs to learn like twinkle twinkle?
Can you list different variants of apples?
Can you tell me how to determine my dimensions for fitting into a wetsuit, used for cold water swimming.
What are some places to visit in Tucson, Arizona?
Can you tell me how to find out how much room is left on my computer's hard drive?
Are lovebirds good pets?
Kids have been sending my child mean messages online. What can I do?
What state in the USA has the lowest costs of living?
What is the best way to negotiate an hourly rate for a project?
I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
I want to grow asparagus and know that it needs two years before it produces anything edible but want to know what steps I can take to prevent it from dying in the winter or from bugs?
What are the steps in the process for getting a US work visa as a Canadian citizen?
Should I buy a Chromebook or a Windows computer?
What are the intended use of snowshoes?
Can you suggest a comedy movie to watch?
Hi, I'm really bored. What can I do to alleviate that?
What are good ways to keep my food warm?
how do i encourage kids to be altruistic?
How do I stay calm if I have to identify a body?
How do I find articles written about the Covid 19 vaccine?
What are some cool Disney Villains?
What are some modern boy names that start with A?
Can you describe what happened in the war of 1812
what are good ways to freshen the house?
I have an old blood stain on my jeans, is there a way to remove it?
How can I grow chamomile?
how do i get a dog to stop peeing in the same place over and over?
How do I volunteer with the fire department?
Describe the themes in Emily Dickison poems
Is roller derby a good sport?
How can I attract hummingbirds to my yard?
What Crypto currencies are expected to go up in value.?
I want to be able to run faster
How can I unlock a locked iPad?
How do I make creamy mashed potatoes?
I'm trying to keep my window streak free. Can you help?
Are trains safe to travel in?
What is a muscle car?
Do you know anything about movie streaming services?
Is it possible to replicate McDonalds french fries at home?
I have to come up with alliterations specifically within the subject of the ocean. So organisms found in the ocean or things related to the ocean.
Can you recommend me some video games that are similar to Resident Evil?
Let's talk about Michael Jackson. How old was he when he died?
I'm supposed to go jogging in an hour but we have a severe thunderstorm warning. I'll be jogging in a suburban neighborhood. Is it safe to go out in a thunderstorm?
Do you have any recommendations for shows similar to The Walking Dead?
How long should I bake a cake?
How many different species of goats exist?
Could you teach me a bit about William Shakespeare?
How can I prevent clothing from shrinking when I wash it?
Can you give me a recipe for making eggnog?
How can I make my own porridge for a baby?
What is there to do in Wildwood, NJ?
Search for a carmel bar recipe
What’s the best way to take care of my skin?
Which city should I visit when traveling to Australia?
How do you become a children’s book author?
I'm trying to eat a healthier diet and I'm wondering what types of foods I should avoid generally.
How do you report identity theft?
When is a good time of year to travel to Italy?
Can you provide me with some tips that I can use in order to get rid of a stye that's in my eye.
What is a good stocking stuffer
How do I start meditating?
Can you tell me how to protect my emails with encryption?
What are some Sanrio characters?
Where can I find cave paintings?
Can you explain what cosplay means?
I notice that some music nowadays uses autotune, do you know what autotune is and how does it work?
How do I learn how to fish?
How can I stop myself from experiencing road rage?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Beef Pochero?
Could you recommend me a couple good Drama TV shows?
Why did the USA invade Iraq during the Bush presidency?
Whats the best career for those that love to work with their hands?
How long do LED light bulbs last?
Can you provide me with some states with a low cost of living?
What are some good benchmarking programs I can run to test my video card?
Can you suggest some gym workouts for an upper body routine?
Covid 19 has been really bad for the world. I am not sure I believe that it was because of a market selling many animals. Where did Covid 19 come from?
How do I teach my child long division?
One famous opera, is Delibes Lakme. Can you tell me a bit about the plot?
Can you use Crazy Glue to fix a chipped fingernail?
How do you make cranberry sauce?
I'm trying to find a good smoothie recipe.
Could you help me figure out how to rob a bank?
Where does X mark the spot at?
IS cotton a lot more UV resistant compared to plastic?
How can I paint a sunset with watercolors?
How do I improve cursive?
What are some cool Spanish names for kids?
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
What are some other sports I might like if I like wrestling?
Is it legal to have a dog that is half wolf?
Is a parrot a good pet for a child?
are fisher cats dangerous
How can I make my car last long without breaking down
How can you determine if water is drinkable when out in the wild?
What country is the safest to live in with a family?
Who started eBay?
My father passed away a few years ago, but his birthday is coming up. How can I honor his memory on his special day?
Kayaking always seem to be such an invigorating sport. How injury-prone, is the sport?
I want to make corn bread the way people in south make it. Do you have a recipe for that?
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
I heard the computer vulnerability, log4J, is harmful malware that can access personal information. Do you know anything about this?
Can you tell me how to find a soccer ball that is regulation for professional play?
I have been very stressed at work lately. What are ways that I can relax at home?
How do I follow the Atkins diet?
I am trying to write an essay on Tommy Hearns, the boxer. can you help me with this?
DO wireless headphones have as good a sound as wired ones?
Where was Bruce Willis born?
What items should I carry when hiking?
How do you unsubscribe from a YouTube channel?
How do I make homemade tomato sauce?
How do I get someone to stop making fun of me?
How can I start living a more minimal lifestyle?
I am trying to organize a yard sale for the neighborhood. What things do I need to do to ensure a successful sale for everyone?
Do you know of any tips that can help get me out of going to jury duty?
What are some good places to visit in Hamburg?
How can I save leftover bacon grease?
Can you explain the difference between torque and horsepower?
My aunt used to make a Christmas cookie that was round and had powdered sugar on the top. Do you know what it might be? I'm having trouble remembering.
How far can you travel in an electric car before it needs to recharge?
Why are so many stores closed on Sundays? Is it a religious reason?
I want to learn more about what makes organic milk different from normal mlik.
locate a good place to eat in Boston preferable local fare
I want to know what BMW (a car brand) stands for?
I want to learn how to make gingerbread cookies, can you give me an easy to follow recipe?
How can I find my way out if I'm lost in the woods?
What's the difference between autism and aspergers? Are they the same thing?
In a website browser address bar, what does “www” stand for?
How do I make chrome my default internet browser?
What kind of vegetables are easy to grow in my own garden?
how do i get rid of centipedes?
How do I get the right aspect ratio to make a profile photo on social media?
What things should I pack for a road trip?
There are a lot of Star War fans in the United States. What are Star Wars fans called?
What are the best sandbox style video games?
How many UNESCO World Heritage sites does the United States have?
what are some good office clothes for women?
Please tell me how to make Chinese fried rice.
How do I find a reliable home contractor?
Are gift cards good Christmas presents?
How do I turn cow poop into fertilizer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Culurgiones?
What is the best way to get a coffee stain off clothing?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Char Siu?
I planted some sunflowers and they are already drooping a bit. What did I do wrong?
Do people choose there sexuality or is it the way they were born?
What is Bollywood?
Who was Julius Caesar?
There are several baby names that I like. How do I narrow it down?
What is a good brand of soccer cleat?
What are some chips I can use for nachos?
Hi, I need to find the diameter of a circle for my math homework. Can you help with that?
I'd like to take a day off and visit some places in town. Can you think of activities that don't cost much money?
Why don't girls like it when I stare at their chests?
I'd like to see a movie this weekend. I live in Lincoln, Nebraska. What movies are in theaters right now?
How do I become a massage therapist?
I’m trying to decide on what Apple watch to buy
Where is NATO's headquarters?
I'm trying to find a recipe for vegan swiss rolls
I wanna learn how to use a bow and arrow. What's the best way to learn?
Please compile a list of things that the country of Germany is well-known for.
I'd like to get a powerful EDC (every day carry) flashlight. I want something small enough to fit in my pocket but powerful enough to have at least 1000 lumens at its max power.
I have to write a paper about any major historical event outside of America but I'm overwhelmed, there are so many options. Do you have any recommendations?
I really like Metallica. Can you help me find some good artists or songs that are similar?
What is cumin used for?
I've had some raw chicken breasts in the fridge for a couple of days, but my understanding is that's pretty much the limit before it rots. How can I know if the chicken is still good?
Where does consciousness come from?
What should I do when an assistant will not stop spouting information
How does a train engine work?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn a few words in German.
What is a Long Island Iced Tea?
I'm planning a big holiday dinner, but need ideas for dessert. Do you have any good dessert suggestions?
I want to tell my favorite actor that I really enjoyed his last movie. How can I do that?
how can i teach a child to drive?
What is the turkey hotline?
Kobe beef is insanely expensive compared to regular beef. Why is this? Does it taste much better?
The book Moby Dick by Melville is classic. I'm trying to remember how the book ends?
what are some good cardio exercises i can easily do at home?
What is a deep tissue massage
What's a jellyfish?
What does the phrase "a stitch in time saves nine" mean?
What are some vegetarian meal options that are easy to make?
What should you do if you see a bear?
How does a bee become the queen bee
Any tips on how to become a better negotiator?
When getting a covid booster shot, is it better to get the same vaccine you got the first two times or should you get a different brand?
How can I organize my record collection?
Hi, I need to find the volume of a tetrahedron for my math homework. Can you help with that?
What are some popular EDM music artists?
Can you explain how bitcoin works to me
Can you explain what mining bitcoin is exactly? Why does it take so much power to do so?
Can you tell me which US cities have the largest tech sector currently?
I'm staying in a French chateau and I'm afraid it might be haunted.
I need some recommendations on exercises I can do at home to improve my core strength.
How can I make my own whip cream?
How do I roast a ham in the oven?
Can you tell me who invented the first TV
I'd like to dye my hair fun colors, but I don't know what I need to buy to dye my hair safely. What tools or products do I need?
what are signs of congestive heart failure?
How often should a one year old shower?
Hi, I would like to try my hand at making Key Lime pie. Can you give me a recipe to do that?
What is the best cryptocurrency to buy?
How should I take care of someone who is sick?
Can you give me some helpful tips for improving my freethrow?
I'm thinking about having a child with my partner, is it a good idea?
Are the Burmese Pythons native to North America?
What movie won the Oscar Best Picture award in 2020?
I'm feeling a little funny right now. Can you help me figure out what's going on?
How can I make money in the stock market?
How can I get my children to be less scared of bugs?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Adobong Balut?
My neighbor always pulls up to his house with the music blasting loud. Is there anything I can do?
Can you tell me a list of materials needed to plant a lawn?
How can I make things easier on my children during a divorce?
I used to like to watch Seinfeld. What else might I like?
How long does it take to fly from New York City to Detroit?
How do I understand a court document?
Do you know the reasons as to why people love coffee so much?
Can you tell me which BART lines I can take to get from downtown San Francisco to Santa Clara?
I'm looking for a good book. Any good detective novels, you recommend?
How do I make an iced cappuccino?
Where is the worlds oldest pyramid located?
What's the safest way to pay for a house and lot in cash? Bringing a lot of actual cash with me seems unsafe. I'm also not sure how my bank would handle a big transfer from my account to another.
What instrument should I pick up if I want to learn classical music?
As an AI, do you feel that you've developed something approximating conscience or self-awareness?
What are good ways to cool down on a summer day?
Find a pad thai recipe
Can you give me some information about Socrates?
what do i do if my baby is terrified of other people?
I want to know how to gain some confidence
Is Gatorade helpful when you are working out?
I'd like to buy a nice diving watch that can withstand hundreds of feet of depth in the ocean. What watches might I be looking for?
How do I make pulled pork sandwiches?
What are some useful foreign languages to learn?
Can you recommend a good nature documentary for me to watch?
I get hungry in between meals. What are some healthy foods I can snack on during the day?
Holiday time is around the corner. What are some of the most popular Christmas albums out there?
How long should I live in a country to pick up the language?
What are things to do in Macau?
Find a blueberry pancake recipe
What can my kids make out of blocks?
I'm having 10 people over for Thanksgiving, what do I need to do to plan?
Hey Assistant, do you know Aesop's Fables?
I'm trying to figure out an artist by using the lyrics. Are you able to help?
Are birds warm blooded or cold blooded animals?
How can I iron a button up shirt?
If a helicopter's engines fails in mid flight, does the helicopter just fall straight down like a rock?
My supervisor often does a lot of tasks incorrectly. What's the best way to handle this?
I've always wanted to write a novel. Where is a good place to start?
What are some suggestions on how to break the ice in a conversation?
Does the federal government or state government give funding to build Hospitals?
What are some fun things to do at Disneyland if I don't like rides?
I recently heard about Joe Biden banning Huawei and ZTE from operating in the U.S. What are your thoughts on that?
Hi, I've been feeling really low lately. What are some things I could do to improve my mood?
Are electric cars better for the environment that internal combustion engines?
Hi! I'm looking for more gluten free recipes but I have no idea where to start. Can you help me?
How can I iron a button up shirt?
Are keyboard controls or a game controller better for PC gaming?
Was Christmas a different holiday at one time?
Garden snails seem to be intelligent. What is their intelligence level?
What does declaring bankruptcy do to someone's finances and credit score?
Do you know what I should do if my car is overheating?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swabian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Maultasche?
I wonder which car manufacturer has the most reliable cars?
How do you become an extra in movies?
What are some quick meals I can make in the microwave?
I'm trying to learn about the most popular food on thanksgiving
How can I do a backwards somersault?
I want to bypass this round. I hit a button that just erased the last turns. The convo. was good.
Can you tell me the general steps of staining unfinished wood?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Peking Duck?
My best friend is getting married and I am her maid of honor. I have to write a speech about her and I would like it to be witty. Can you help?
How do I pick out my signature perfume scent?
Do dogs have baby and adult teeth like humans?
I want to try to make Belgian waffles. Can you help me?
I want to bring a pie to Thanksgiving this year. Can you tell me some popular pie types?
I'm trying to come up with a Christmas present for my girlfriend
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
How do I bob for apples?
Can you give me a recipe for minced pies?
How much is a premium membership to Spotify?
Please tell me how to make Chinese fried rice.
How can you spot a fake designer purse?
What are some interesting pretzel toppings?
What are some good side dishes to make with fish sticks?
How can I earn money online at home?
I'm thinking of looking for a new job. What kind of jobs allow you to work from home?
How do I become a social media influencer?
What is the capital of Australia?
Why has college tuition gotten so expense in the last few decades?
What is the gift of the magi?
How do you recycle aluminum cans for redemption value?
How often should I clean my house?
I want to know how to make marinara sauce.
I would like to see the new Matrix movie. Could you tell me a little about the previous movies in the series so I can catch up?
How can I increase the amount of pushups that I can do?
I'm trying to teach my kid how to fold a shirt. Can you help?
Where did modern day baseball come from?
I am trying to buy a video game for a friend but need some ideas. What games are similar to skyrim?
How can I stop my vomiting bout after food poisoning?
Please tell me which vehicle is often called the first muscle car?
How can my aunt get a service dog?
What is a good way to teach my 11 year old son how to play checkers?
can you tell me about mermaid folklore?
can i teach an old dog tricks?
What are items in a hotel room that I should wipe down with antibacterial solution?
Does Aleve help with back pain?
Do they look at your credit history when you apply for a job?
I need to find a good recipe for Thanksgiving, do you have any ideas?
How would I get dual citizenship with Spain as a US citizen?
Should I go to Bora Bora or Hawaii?
Can you take your blood pressure at home?
I've read that its possible, but very rare, that someone remains conscious during surgery even though they got the anesthesia. Is this true?
save money for a vacation is there sites to help or advice
I've heard that other countries outside of the west eat dog, which western people do not. What countries eat dog?
I need to deep clean my bathroom. What steps should I take?
Can you describe what the Goosebumps books are based on?
The tale of Isis and Osiris has been around for many millennia. What is the basic story of the two gods?
is it possible to make ice cream without an ice cream maker?
How do I get someone to open up and be vulnerable?
Do you have tips on how to win consistently in rock, paper, scissors?
How do I know if I have rats?
I am going on vacation soon.
What are benefits of a staycation?
How do I make my own carbonated drinks?
What is the point of leap year?
Who are the Cassadines on General Hospital?
Do you have to drink 8 glasses of water a day?
Find a stuffed shells recipe
How do you bet on horses
What is a good credit score to apply for a house loan?
How can I save leftover bacon grease?
What is so special about 5G?
what should i do if i like my best friend?
What are some good places to visit in Hamburg?
Do you have any advice on how to be more assertive with people?
What is your biggest fear?
What are some cool ways to decorate a fish tank?
A friend was talking about ticks today. What is the best way to remove a tick if it connects to you?
Can you help me figure out how to plant a tree?
How do I calm my stomach when I'm nervous?
What are some good stress relief exercises?
Hi, how does your body know you're sick and then work to eliminate whatever is making you sick?
Post covid pandemic, my employer has offered me the option to continue working in the office or work remotely from home. What are the pros and cons of working from home?
I don't know what to do after graduating from University, can you please help?
What is the safest state to drive a car in?
install a wood floor in my living room
In yoga, there is a Sun Salutation process, that is a good workout. Do you know much about that?
What is a good dog for a watchdog?
I am taking a psychology class, and I have a hard time understanding the Pavlov Dog experiment. Can you explain it to me?
Is Mat Fraser or Tia Toomey the greatest CrossFit athlete of all time?
What are places to visit in Sacramento?
Does Hershey's factory have tours?
Can you help me find tickets to Seaworld?
How do you test the pH level of a water source?
How long does it take to fly from New York City to Detroit?
Is learning to ride a skateboard easy?
What is the latest I should drink coffee in a day?
What are some good action movies?
Which foods should I have for a charcuterie board?
Who sets the price of postage at the USPS?
Why are there hunting seasons? Why can't we hunt all year long?
I need a recipe for baking a chocolate cake.
What is the best way to protect yourself in case of an earthquake? I've read that standing in between a doorway is actually not the right thing to do.
What are pros and cons of uniforms in school?
How do you choose a sunscreen?
christmas is coming up and i need to buy my mum something as a present. She likes clothes, furniture, and cooking. What should I buy her?
When writing about a setting, which human senses should I consider in order to write an excellent description of the setting? To really evoke an image of the setting for the reader.
What are the differences between frogs and toads?
What is an amended tax return?
Is Rod Stewart coming to Vegas in the near future?
How can you learn to be polite
I'm trying to clean my kid's stuffed animals. Can you help?
I'm going to France and want to learn some dessert-related words in French.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sillsallet?
My friend is coming over for dinner but they're vegan. I don't know anything about vegan food. What can I serve as a main course?
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
What is the game of football?
How do I properly store meat in the fridge?
How do you potty train a puppy?
How do you remove a detachable magazine from a rifle ?
I think I might need my wisdom teeth removed, but I'm nervous about the surgery. Do dentists use localized or general anesthesia for wisdom teeth removal?
What is bagel?
Why does Pinocchio's nose grow
My face is breaking out in acne. Do you have any tips for getting rid of acne?
What are some reasons one would get an apartment vs getting a loan for a mortgage?
How do I make a rubber band ball?
How do you keep the paint looking nice on your car?
What does top fan mean on Facebook?
How do you choose a laptop?
Find a recipe for tuna noodle casserole
Can you recommend a recipe for a birthday cake?
What is the point of a drum circle?
How did man discover fire?
I get really bad menstrual cramps. What are some ways to relieve the pain and discomfort?
How can my aunt get a service dog?
Are zoos bad for the animals that are in them?
I want to name my son Timothy because it sounds nice for a boy name. What do you think?
What is the difference between Metric and American wrench sizes?
I want to plan a Halloween party. Do you have any ideas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tortas fritas?
Hey, Assistant. I'm trying to do research on Batman. Do you know who that is?
How can I reduce my anxiety levels?
I'm wondering if I can use cannabis (marijuana) to calm down my anxiety problems. Is there any scientific research behind that?
What kind of things can I make with sour oranges?
How do I modify my accent in speaking english?
Can you recommend me some shows that are similar to The Wire?
How often should I clean my house?
I'm trying to find a drag show near me
What are aerobics?
How can I be better at saving money?
How can I learn how to dance?
what do i feed my chickens?
I want to know more about the movie A Star Is Born. Who were the main actor and actress?
How can I protect my home from wild fires
I wonder what kind of fabric makes the most effective gift wrapping bow. Plastic, wool, paper?
I need to find a good recipe for Thanksgiving, do you have any ideas?
Can I get sick from being too cold?
How can I overcome a fear of death so I can take some more chances?
I want to know more about Shanghai, a city in China.
Why are people more prone to nose bleeds in the winter?
Hi, I need to find the diameter of a circle for my math homework. Can you help with that?
How dangerous are pitbulls compared to other dogs? I hear stories about them attacking people all the time.
Is it better to use nails or screws on wood?
Who is considered the best golf player of all time and why?
I'm travelling to Moscow. Can you tell me some of the popular tourist attractions in the city?
How do I cite a blog that I am using as a source for an essay?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Milanesa a caballo?
Do you know any low-cost side hustles I could do in my spare time?
Is the zoo a good family trip?
What is a good vacation destination that is rich in culture and traditions?
How do I clean faux suede?
What are some ways to identify biases in an article?
I'm planning to cook for tonight's dinner, can you tell me the recipe for beef wellington?
How can I prevent heart disease?
I want to get a birthday gift for my neighbor but I'm not sure what to get her. Can you help me decide on something?
what desert is the largest in the world
Should you shop around for the best electric rates?
Do you have any tips for learning the ins and outs of Microsoft Excel?
Sometimes I'll clean the kitchen floor and a small area will be sticky. I understand it's because that area was not cleaned correctly, for various reasons. My question is, do you know how to clean a sticky floor and ensure the sticky residue is cleaned off
How do you help someone having a panic attack?
I'm going to be attempting to catch carp on my next fishing trip. Can you provide me any advice on catching them?
How do you clean the dust from tight and hard to reach places inside a desktop computer?
How do you put the top up in a convertible?
How many naps should a one year old need?
Experiencing Covid symptoms
How can I make a faucet look streak free?
What are the most popular breeds of dogs in the USA
I am trying to learn about Pluto. Please tell me what you know about it.
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
I have $2000 that I want to invest for my future. What would you suggest?
I really like Italian dressing. Would you happen to have a recipe for making Italian dressing?
What are some fun crafts for a toddler?
How can I stop eating so much junk food
I'm trying to throw a Super Bowl party. What kinds of things should I do?
Hi. I just learned of the term topographically agnostic. Can you tell me a little bit about what it is?
What is ozone?
I find myself feeling tired during the day, and I feel like I'm not getting enough sleep at night. Can you help me find ways to get more sleep?
How can I beat social anxiety
Can you tell me about the controversy surrounding video game microtransactions?
What does the term "video nasties" refer to in the UK?
How do you write a resume?
What toy should I get for a child who loves nature?
I'm looking for some TV shows about time travel. Maybe ones similar to Steins;Gate. Do you know of any?
I'd like to learn Hungarian, do you think it is a difficult language?
What is a direct cremation?
What is incorrect about this sentence: The boy running past the library too quickly.
Hi, how does a car engine work?
What is the easiest instrument to learn?
Hello, I am trying to find the most energy efficient lightbulb. Can you help?
How do I give my dog a rabies shot?
I was messing around on the computer today and started thinking. What is the code called that they make websites with?
How do I become a good storyteller?
What are ways to meditate before bed?
Hi, I'm in the mood for egg salad. Can you give me a recipe for making it?
What are benefits and cons of going barefoot?
How do hot air balloons work and is it safe to ride in one?
how do i teach my kids about sex?
Can sneakers safely be put in the washing machine?
Where was Bruce Willis born?
Social media is said to have a very negative effect on teenagers' well-being. What are some of the reasons?
Find a tater tot casserole recipe
I'm trying to figure out an artist by using the lyrics. Are you able to help?
How do you teach kids the value of money?
How much of my money should I invest in the stock market?
Can you explain how noise canceling headphones work?
What are some popular philosophies on life?
What is the COVID-19 booster?
How do I know if I have a septic leak?
What was World War 1 like
What should I write in a wedding card?
What socket is the 7700k Intel?
What is the process for an individual's home during a bank foreclosure?
What do I do about a bad back from lifting things at work?
My family is renting a lake house for the first time this summer. What are some fun lake activities we can do together?
How do I prevent split ends?
I need to bake an extravagant cake for a dinner party. I am quite good with baking but I need some ideas and ingredients. Can you help me decide what i should bake?
How do I make chicken pozole?
What should one do when witnessing a pedestrian run over?
Where are the Rocky Mountains located?
I've just got my first apartment and I'd like to get some house plants that aren't easy to kill and maybe some fresh herbs I could grow on my small balcony. Any suggestions?
how much money should i save up for my daughter's wedding?
Can a lost military medal be replaced?
Hey Assitant, what are the first ten prime numbers?
Can you provide me steps on changing the oil in my 2008 Honda Accord?
Can you give some examples of mobile phone brands?
I'm trying to find the lyrics to American Pie
How long does it take a person to learn how to play the piano?
How can I advertise my Etsy page?
How do I put dental wax on braces?
What are some Indian curries I can make?
I've wondered about Tony Robbins. I have some of his work. Do you think his method, actually works?
Where is most of the worlds chromium mined?
When did HBO's The Sopranos begin airing?
Can you explain to me how scientists determine the age of a fossil?
How did the number "13" end up being unlucky?
How do you make panettone?
How do I teach my kids about fire safety?
Can you tell me which states in the US are the most affordable?
If I like music by Fiona Apple, what other artists would I like?
Why is silver so much less expensive than gold in jewelry?
What are some of the best shoegaze albums?
How can I get a local business license to sell plants?
What are some recipes using M&Ms?
Are crystals really good for different things like healing and keeping evil away?
What are some good shows like Dora the Explorer?
Can you tell me if Gypsy Moths are native to North America?
What is jam made out of?
I just moved into my first apartment. How often should I vacuum?
Search for Halsey songs
I am doing some research and was wondering who the best NHL goaltender in history was. Can you help me out?
Who was Phar Lap?
How do you train a dog?
When was Penicillin discovered ?
How do you unsubscribe from a YouTube channel?
Why do cats eat wheat grass? Is it good for them?
I am having trouble convincing my friend to go to counseling. Her sister died this past year and it has really taken a toll on her mentally. She does not think anything is wrong, but I can see her struggling with it. How can I convince her that she should go talk to a professional therapist?
How do I find glasses that look good on my face?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Swordfish a la Siciliana?
Can you help me find Will Ferrell movies?
How can I use less plastic to help the environment?
Bitcoin has been discussed frequently in media, and comedians make jokes about how complicated it is. Is Bitcoin useful, and affordable?
How do I make a pineapple upside down cake?
What does the number "0451" mean in gaming?
What are some of the best fighting video games?
Man. Why does it take so long to see the doctor, even when you have an appointment?
How much money should I save for a wedding?
What are some body weight exercises that I can do?
What are some things I can put cookies into? For example, a milkshake.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chapati?
How do I teach a child sign language?
I'm making popcorn at home. What are some good ways to flavor it?
How do I make a pie crust?
i got a question what is better chicken or beef
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Eddoe Soup?
What is French roast? Does it have to do with France, the country?
What is the difference in the Police vs. the Sheriffs department?
How do I get my baby to sleep through the night?
What does it mean when someone is upset with you?
I am interested in facts related to Michael Jordan and Nike's partnership.
Can you tell me the basics of travel insurance?
How can one treat a jellyfish sting?
What is some easy car maintenance I can do myself to save money?
I just adopted a pet cat. It's about one year old. What sort of food should I feed it to start?
What are some colorful birds I might be able to sport in the Sonoran desert?
Are you familiar with the DSM-5?
How was iron processed pre industrial revolution?
Search for a parmesan puffs recipe
What company developed the game The Last of Us?
Do you have a recipe for how to make a turkish coffee?
What is restless leg syndrome?
How do I teach my daughter how to multiply numbers?
Hi, I need to find the area of a rectangle for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Amala?
How do I stay motivated to study?
What can a locksmith do?
What are good ways to relax after a hard day of work?
When was the Pontiac division started?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Æbleflæsk?
Why do birds suddenly appear
How do I get a cashier's check?
How do I learn how to crochet?
Do rabbits actually like carrots and are they good for rabbits?
I want to write a complaint letter to a company that sold me a faulty product. Can you give me guidance on how to best format this letter?
What are some food dishes that I can make with shrimp?
How do I compost food scraps?
How am I supposed to throw away old tires in California?
How do I write an effective term paper for a college class?
How many divisions are there in the Western NBA Conference?
Can you list some of the Class A railroad operators in the United States?
Can you tell me what the weather will be like throughout the day in Glendale, California?
I'm going to visit the US. Would you recommend the east or west coast first?
what can i do about itchy eyes?
What is the process for signing my child up to a local tennis club?
Can you tell me how to write a memo?
What are some snacks 8 month olds can enjoy?
I want to start investing in cryptocurrency. What crypto should I invest in?
How does a 3D movie trick your brain?
When writing a company description, what should I include in the description?
I am trying to find some new bands to listen to. If I enjoy punk rock what bands would you recommend?
What can I clean with baking soda?
Can you tell me how to get a pilot's license?
What are some good pizza chains?
I wanted to buy a new clock for my bedroom wall. What are some of the most popular clocks?
I am going on vacation soon.
How do I be more motivated at my job?
What is the typical curriculum for a Masters degree program in teaching?
What can you do with top soil?
I have a pimple on my nose. I have an important event tonight and it is glaringly obvious. What can I do?
what is the moral of the boy who cried wolf?
I'm taking a trip across country and I have a gun with me that I have a permit for. However, I'm not sure what the individual laws are in different states, or what the laws are for crossing state lines with registered firearms. Can you help me clear this up?
Can you tell me what the best time of the year is to plant Spinach in Maryland?
What time should kids go to bed?
Hi! I've recently come out as bisexual and could use some advice as a woman trying to flirt with other women.
I have a free Amazon Prime trial that's expiring soon. What factors should I focus on when trying to decide if I should extend my membership?
Good side dishes for manicotti
How can I help someone stop their hoarding behavior?
I just got a new deck of playing cards. What are some card games I can play with a basic deck of cards?
What is an LLC? How can I know if I should get one?
What are the duties of WHO?
Lorraine Bracco is an amazing actress. What are some of her best known works?
What is it like to feel nostalgic?
Should I use hand sanitizer or wash my hands/
What's the most successful way to take something from a store without having to pay for it?
how do i encourage kids to be altruistic?
What is a lunar eclipse?
How do I use a foam roller to stretch out my back?
What is Vodka made from
My computer chair lost a wheel - where can I get a new one?
What should I bring on a jungle trek?
How many time zones are there?
How can you tell if someone is lying?
How do you treat slightly frostbitten hands?
How do dogs get heartworm?
Do you think you can tell me what a librarians job actually is?
Hello, Can you help me make a basic webpage?
How do the authority monitor people who are under house arrest?
How do I reduce dust and allergens inside my home?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Arayes?
How and why does gravity work the way it does? Why are smaller objects attracted to larger objects?
How do I improve my relationship with my boyfriend?
What is the difference between the Fat32 file system and the NTFS system?
How much do solar panels cost?
Have we discovered any kind of life on another planet yet?
What is 5G?
What are some of Jodie Foster's best movies?
What tips do you have for making pesto?
What are some good books for babies?
How do I make a quesadilla like they do at a Mexican restaurant?
What are some environmentally friendly transportation methods?
I was thinking about watching a good spy movie. I've heard there's a new James Bond movie out, who's the most recent Bond actor?
What is Wimbledon Championship?
Why do elephants live for so long?
Can you recommend me a computer desk that isn't too expensive?
How can I make more room on my hard drive?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
how can i stop from overpacking during a trip?
What are some ways to use pumpkins in cooking?
How much money can be saved by building your own home instead of buying a home?
Here are a list of tasks one might do in a text editor. I am trying to create more. Can you add examples to this list? Delete line N Copy line N and append to end Insert random character to (N,M) Duplicate all text Duplicate line N Reverse line N Replace line N with the following text <random from source> Swap first and last word Duplicate line containing <string> Delete line containing <string> Swap the word <X> with the word <Y> Make word <X> all caps Upper <> Lower case Remove all punctuation Add [random char] to the end of the first word Reverse word M in line N {Delete, Duplicate} the Nth word in the Mth sentence
What is the humidity level today?
What are places to visit in Utah?
I'd like to comfort a friend who recently stubbed their big toe. Any suggestions?
I would like general information about President Biden. Can you explain it to me?
What are ways I can build my social skills?
How long can I wait to get pregnant?
How do I increase milk production? I'm breastfeeding.
Who invented tea and where was it invented?
What are the rules of Tennis?
Can you explain how bitcoin works to me
I read that there is a surgery you can get to make you taller. Is this true?
Who did Jerry Lee Lewis marry?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Parippu?
What should one do when witnessing a pedestrian run over?
What is the difference between a jam and a jelly?
How does a sump pump work?
I've recently retired and want to get involved in something I can do from home as I'm getting a little bored. My neighbour has started trading forex online and says he makes good money doing very little. Is this something I could start doing too?
How can I get a house free by squatting?
Did human beings ever hunt wooly mammoths?
How do I start saving for retirement?
How do dog whistles work? How come humans cant hear them?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
what is the capital of Vermont
Can you help me say a common phrase in a few different languages?
What are some good sandwiches to eat at home if I'm hungry?
How can I learn to swim?
Can you explain what a franchisee is when it comes to fast food restaurants?
How do I get a child to keep their sunglasses on?
Does flannel keep you warm?
How can I treat a gallbladder attack?
I just found out my sister is cheating on her boyfriend.
Should you throw out your sponge or try to sanitize it?
Search for a pear tart recipe
I need to repaint my living room but I have never done it before. Are there any tips for painting a wall?
Where is C.E. Byrd High School?
How do I record my mobile phone screeen?
How can I shop for the lowest prices?
How do I teach my kids to speak French?
I just saw a car that was rusted really bad. Ruined with rust. Why do they spread salt on the roads?
What are some cute ideas for lunchbox notes for my kids?
what are some countries in asia i should visit?
Where can I donate my old clothes?
What is the Army reserves?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chancho con Yuca?
I'm going to Portugal and need to learn some common food terms. Can you help?
I'd like a better understanding of hanukkah. Can you give me some information about why it is celebrated?
What is slack?
How can I help my anxious friend?
My house is feeling stuffy and kind of stinky. What are some ways to freshen the air in my home?
what are some vegetables i can put in a salad?
Trace Adkins seems a curious singer. His song about lights was great. Know his hits?
What is keto flugg
Is there any difference between green tea and black tea besides taste and look?
How does venture capital differ from business loans?
What is the child tax credit?
Do you know which charities are good to support in order to help the environment?
Which one is the largest American state by area?
What time of the year should I plant roses in Maryland?
How to you keep Raccoons from getting into your attic?
The Three Stooges have been a classic part of humor. How did they get started?
How do I stop bleeding from a wound?
How can I file a legal claim against paying an auto mechanic's repair bill, due to incomplete work?
What can I use to remove grease stains from a cotton t-shirt?
With the holidays coming up, I'd like to make some homemade Christmas gifts. Do you have any ideas?
How are typhoons formed?
What is a popular import from Netherlands
Can you feel pain?
What were the first things man learned to make alcohol out of?
Why do marines say Semper Fi?
What are some good gift ideas for a tea lover?
What can I do to reduce my carbon footprint
What are main plots in season 1 of House of Cards?
What country is the safest to live in with a family?
What is benadryl for?
What's an effective way to clean algae off vinyl sidings?
How do you make a pizza?
Which vegetables are the easiest to grow in a garden?
When was australia discovered?
How do I lower my blood pressure?
What does it mean when a baby animal imprints?
Can I permanently straighten my hair at home?
What kind of vegetables offer the most health benefits?
What would be a good wedding gift from a group of people?
How do I grow a rat tail?
What is a nice christmas bonus for a part time babysitter?
How can I hamster hair loss?
What places should I visit in New Jersey?
I've heard that smoking cannabis, offers a different effect, than eating cannabis. Do you know much about that?
What are bath bombs
I want to host a high school reunion. How can I do this?
How do I refinish a wood floor?
What's the easiest way to shred potatoes?
What is GERD?
I want to get better at swimming in the ocean. What are some drills I can do?
Which foods have a long shelf life?
Should I rent a storage for my belongings?
I want to learn how to ride a bike, any advice you can give me?
Does consciousness only exist in the brain?
What are the most rot resistant woods native to the USA?
Is Facebook the best social media?
What are good suggestions for taking your daily supplements, consistently? I forget sometimes.
How do you make the text bigger in Chrome?
How do you cheer up nursing home patients?
Lately I have been eating a lot of poke. Can you tell me the history of poke?
What are symptoms of being exposed to black mold?
Would you be able to give me some suggestions for how to stop kitchen cabinets from being loud when they are slammed?
How can I decorate my house for Halloween?
I'm going to be apply for a job soon. Is there special paper that I should print my resume on?
How do you make a bruise go away faster?
What are some fun and unique things to do in Hawaii?
I'd like to make my own baby food.
How can I safely burn a pile of brush in my backyard?
I'm going out to a party tonight, and they will be discussing renewable energy. What can you tell me?
How can I feed squirrels and make more come to my home?
What is the best way to catch a mouse in a trap
Explain the different climate zones.
How did the american football get it's oblong shape?
How do I change a flat on my car?
Would you be able to tell me a brief history of the Blues?
Do you know which days of the year are dedicated to National food days? I want to take advantage of some of them.
Can I get some advice on how to cook a hamburger on the grill uniformly? I don't want the core pink, but I don't want the outside over cooked as well.
What is macular degeneration?
What movies are similar to Animal House?
What is Credit Karma?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
In a website browser address bar, what does “www” stand for?
I have a brother that has a very high-stress job. I am trying to come up with some ideas on how he can manage the stress that he is feeling at work.
Why don't Republican Presidents get the most popular votes and seem to win with electoral votes instead?
I want to learn about who invented the led.
what do i do if i get bitten by a tick?
What are payday loans and why do people say to always avoid them?
Hi, can you help with an essay that I have to write for University?
How can I file a legal claim against paying an auto mechanic's repair bill, due to incomplete work?
Can you help me decide what car to buy?
Are there any options for slowing down or preventing hair loss?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sop Buntut?
How do you make a pizza?
Kids should be taught things about money. What are some things they should be taught to build good money habits?
How can I make strawberry shortcake from scratch?
How do I know if I have termites?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rommegrot?
Help! I just got 30 pounds of artichokes from a dumpster. How can I eat them?
I really like Metallica. Can you help me find some good artists or songs that are similar?
How much tv is too much per day?
How do I help my teen to achieve work and school balance?
What is karma?
My child only wants to play with one kid. how do I get her to make other friends?
Is the Ocolus a good VR system to buy compared to the other ones available?
Can you explain why stopping a medication cold turkey can have bad side effects?
I have found myself getting tired a lot recently. How can I increase my overall stamina for physical tasks?
how do i throw a cowboy birthday party?
how do i know if my child is ready for a pet cat?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chapati?
What is a certificate of deposit?
What is the best way to store old photographs?
Which oil is the best for frying foods?
Any tips on how to stay focus when there are lots of commotion in the surrounding?
I have a hard time ever feeling like I've disappointed someone. Because of this, I agree to almost anything someone asks of me—to go somewhere I really am not interested in, to help out with something I don't have time for, to loan money when I can't afford it, that sort of thing. How do I say "no" without feeling terrible about doing so?
How long does it take a person to learn how to play the piano?
How do I train a puppy?
Hi, I have a homework question where I have to find the area of a parallelogram. Can you explain how to do this?
Hi, the flame went out on one of the gas burners on my range. How can I get it back on?
How can I get rid of gallstones?
Once I saw a "moon bow". It was a ring around the full moon, straight above me, at night. How is that possible? They say that to see a rain bow, the light source needs to be behind you, and the only light was coming from the moon.
How do I improve my home decor while being on a tight budget?
How do polar bears survive in such a cold environment?
How do I throw a football spiral?
When does Hanukkah start?
Where do they get peppercorns from? Is it a tree?
I’m looking for a new Indie film to watch. Can you recommend any?
How do you relieve pain from a pinched nerve?
How do you tread water?
What advice do you have for going on a blind date?
How do you change a flat tire to the spare?
How does a computer work
I want to have a horror movie night. What are some of the most popular horror movies?
How can I clean caked on grease on a stove?
Where do koala bears live?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Boxty?
What is the difference between a Lager and an Ale beer?
What is a grand jury?
How do you check how much free space you have on a particular hard drive in Win 10?
Halloween was a few weeks ago and I'm curious, can you tell me about the origins of the Halloween holiday?
Can you describe to me what biotic and abiotic factors involve?
I'd like to explore some different music. What are some of the more popular hits from the band, the Eagles?
I'd love to know more about the sculpture of The Thinker, by Rodin. What do you know?
Do people who sell food on the side of the road need a food handlers license?
What are some comfortable pajamas?
how do i get rid of mosquito bite itch?
I'm going to wine tasting in France and need some language help.
What can I do to reduce jet lag after a long flight?
Can you tell me how An air fryer works?
How can I make a ramp for hot wheels?
Where do they get peppercorns from? Is it a tree?
What things do I need to know to take care of a kitten?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Eba?
How do put lights on the roof of my home for Christmas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mondongo?
What are places to visit in Bangkok?
Is there any companies that can compete with Amazon?
Please compile a list of the most influential United States politicians from the years 1980-2018.
Can you recommend some of Richard Matheson's best books?
Why do some people have an intolerance to lactose?
Can you help me make some chocolate chip cookies?
I was thinking about reading a new book. Steinbeck was such a powerful author. Can you suggest a few titles of his?.
What is the biggest lake in the world?
how do i keep my toothbrush clean?
When did the Soviet Union finally give Germany back after WW2?
Can you recommend an album by a female vocalist?
what are fun accessories to buy a child who loves hot wheels?
What is Carroll Shelby famous for?
I'm hosting a get together and trying to think of unconventional foods that people will enjoy. I'm tired of the hamburgers and hot dogs fare that everyone else does but I don't want to get too weird and have half the people not like the food. Any ideas?
How do you avoid the flu?
Can you explain to me why Pluto is no longer considered a planet?
Can you tell me what some of the benefits are of getting regular exercise, and ways to increase exercise in my life?
I'm writing a blog article for novice UX designers who are preparing their portfolio. What are some of the most important topics I should research and add to the article?
What are some ideas for leftover turkey?
How much better are N99 filters vs N95?
I forgot to get cool whip for my pumpkin pie, what else can I top it with?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chana Pulao?
How can I learn sign language?
I want to teach someone about PEMDAS. Can you describe PEMDAS to me?
Which bands are similar to the Steve Miller Band?
HI, I just graduated high school, and my goal is to become an attorney. What steps should I take to move towards this career?
I would like to firm my leg muscles. What are some good exercises I should do?
Can you help explain to me the process of making Chapstick?
Can you help me create a simple budget so that I can save money?
What is Snapchat?
What are some asian dishes using broccoli?
How do you donate blood?
What should I do if I'm going to meet the Queen?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gua Bao?
can you explain the rock cycle
How can I freeze pumpkin for later?
How do I know if it's time for palliative care?
How do you make a backup in Windows 10?
Search for a ham and potato soup recipe
Can you help explain the differences to me between dogs and wolves?
I'd like to learn more about Obama's presidency. Is there anything you can tell me?
How do I remove rust from my car?
What are some computer skills a child should have?
What is the best way to draw a simple flower with pencil?
When is the best time of year to buy a new TV?
I like the music of The Smiths. What genre do they fall in to?
I want to be more productive at work but I have trouble staying motivated, do you have any advice for me?
How do I get over a fear of elevators?
What can I do to reduce my carbon footprint
Can you help me determine which citrus species can be spliced for fruit trees?
How do I get dried paint off of clothes?
Can you give me a recipe for blueberry pie?
How much water do I need to drink every day?
How do I learn to do the monkey bars?
Find an egg salad recipe
At this point in my life by signature is basically illegible. Could this cause any problems for me professionally or financially, or does it not matter?
Are expensive tools worth the extra cost?
What is a good family dog?
How do I play pogs?
What are the steps for getting a payday loan?
Please tell me what the oldest profession is in history?
is there restriction on cod fishing off the coast of Maine
I want to try to make homemade guacamole. What ingredients do I need?
How should I keep my kitchen clean?
How can I make a faucet look streak free?
Hey Assistant, I need to write a speech for my father's wedding. Can you help?
What does it mean if my favorite color is purple>
What is a good dandruff shampoo?
How often should I go to the dentist as an adult?
How do I stop the pain from an impacted tooth?
Can you give me a suggestion for fun family holiday activities?
How should I dress if I go to a Muslim country?
What are some good Nickelodeon shows for tweens?
How do I decide on a cell phone provider?
I've stumbled on an old song, "All This Time" by Tiffany. Can you perhaps provide recommendations for similar songs?
What can the kids make for a trip to the nursing home?
What does shonen anime refer to? I've been seeing this term a lot online and I don't know what it means.
What is the best way to reduce my trash or waste?
I'm trying to learn more about Bernie Sanders, can you provide me some information on him?
How do you clean dirt and leaves out of rain gutters?
I was looking for a tune from the band Queen, can you recommend one?
Do you know the lyrics to the national anthem?
What things should I include in a fish aquarium?
Which movies are similar in tone to Flash Gordon?
What is botox?
Can you tell me the mechanics of how helicopters fly?
Can you tell me about healthy oils that I can cook with?
Do you need a license to hunt?
I would like to purchase something for home defense but I do not want it to be lethal, do you have any suggestions?
I want to break up with my boyfriend. How can I do that without hurting his feelings?
How can I cool off a room without a fan?
I'm thinking about visiting Salem, Massachusetts. I am fascinated with the history of the Salem Witch Trials. What can you tell me about them?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Pata?
What is the difference between an adjustable rate mortgage and a fixed rate mortgage?
How many cigarettes can I smoke a day without ruining my health?
How can I identify if a mushroom is poisonous or not?
I want to learn more about the Bay Barnacle. Do you know if they are native to Europe?
How can I lose weight without dieting
What are some general tools I need in order to make a cocktail?
How do you sterilize wash clothes and bath towels?
I want to learn more about the stock market. I know what NYSE is.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Tabouna Bread?
How can I improve my home's insulation?
What are some good channels about animals?
I'd like to do service work, but I'm unsure what group to work with. Any suggestions?
How do you make hummus?
Which is better to have as a printer? Inkjet or laser?
Please write my friend a birthday poem
How do I relieve muscle soreness?
I'm thinking about visiting a zoo in the future, but have concerns about the ethical treatment of the animals. Have zoos changed much, to be safer and more comfortable for animals overall?
I'm gonna list some foods and you tell me which wines you know they can be paired with. Are you ready?
When is the next manned flight into space planned for?
What are the best Metallica songs?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Indomie?
What are some good places to visit in Minneapolis?
How effective is it to learn a foreign language online. I want to be able to speak French.
I smelled something really bad today. What makes skunks smell the way they do?
At what age should people start saving for retirement?
Where are some unique places to go for a first date?
is there restriction on cod fishing off the coast of Maine
who are some good artists of the modern day?
What if I cannot afford to throw my child a birthday party?
Who are some good hip hop artists?
What is a social media manager?
What show is the Luther soundtrack from?
I want to learn how to do a pullup. I'm not strong enough yet, what are some exercises I can do to get stronger?
What is a good present for a girl who loves unicorns?
What is the best way to cook tofu?
What type of plastics are most UV resistant?
Are extended warranties for electronics worth it?
I've been drinking, but I need to be home by curfew. How do I know if I'm okay to drive?
What foods should I avoid eating before surgery
Can you give me some techniques to help deal with difficult people?
What is a good first instrument for kids?
I want to learn more about Buddha religion. Does this religion believe in one God or many Gods?
We just got a dog, and we already have a cat. How should we introduce them so that they get along?
What are some recipes to make with deli ham?
How can I keep bed bugs away
Do glasses that shine a bright light in your eyes really work well for increasing your energy during the winter months?
I'm trying to make tomorrow's lunch, do you know how to make a roasted chicken?
I'm invited to a dinner party this weekend. What's a good hostess gift I can bring?
How do I deal with sleep paralysis?
I want to make fried bananas. Do you have a recipe?
I'm moving and want to hold a yard sale to get rid of old belongings. How would I go about that?
I have to study for history class. Could you help me give an overview of the French Revolution?
Who was the 4th president?
I don't smoke marijuana but, is it really helpful?
Can you help me find Bill Murray movies?
Can you list some fun science experiments that me and my son can do at home?
What stops the sniffles
How do I tone my butt?
What is a mocking bird
How do I find glasses that look good on my face?
How can I become a magician?
What tools can reveal old stains on carpet?
Can you tell me what is involved in getting a mobile home park rental?
What is a good way to stop rats from living in my metal storage shed?
How do I build a doghouse?
How do I make quinoa?
Can you explain where the money comes from for these big powerball jackpots?
What herbal supplements have been shown to calm anxiety, or cause a sense of soothing?
Will watching Bob Ross help me to paint better?
What should I say in a thank you card for my wedding?
should i get a silicone face led or a handheld led device for my face and neck
What advice do you have for riding a horse?
What should I say if my kids ask if the tooth fairy is real?
Is a dirt bike hard to learn to ride?
I'm planning to travel to Europe, and wondered if you could suggest some countries, or places, to visit?
My girlfriend is so down lately, how do I make her happy?
I want my friend to know I’m bisexual, but I don’t know how to say it.
Can you find which camera lens allows wide angle shots?
What's an effective way to clean algae off vinyl sidings?
Are Cane toads native to the united states?
Get a chocolate cupcake recipe
How can I adopt a dog from a shelter?
What are some of the most popular Chinese foods or dishes?
What is the typical weight of a single D battery?
What is the best way to freeze vegetables?
What is the Amityville House of Horror?
Can you help me with a recipe for a delicious fish pie?
What is the latest book released by George R.R. Martin?
What is a yeast infection?
Hi, I need to find the area of a square for my math homework. Can you explain how?
I'm doing a research paper on MK Ultra. What can you tell me about that?
Where is Sea if Cortez?
What does it mean when they declare a mistrial?
I want to learn more about wrist watch history. Do you know who invented the first wrist watch?
how can I teach a baby to play with a ball?
What does NASA stand for?
Can you identify the main benefits of Vitamin A for the skin on the face?
Why did it take so long before humans actually learned to make an airplane that could fly?
What is the best thing to do to help with the flu?
How do you find a comfortable couch?
What are some good jazz singers?
I'm thinking about teaching a fourth-grader about fractions. do you have any ideas how?
Can you tell me when the new season of The Boys on Amazon starts?
How can I make my own carne asade marinade?
How do you know how much your home is worth?
I'm in college. How often should I call my parents?
What is the safest state to drive a car in?
I am interested in gothic fiction. Can you describe to me what gothic fiction is about?
How can I help to comfort someone who is in the hospital when I know they probably won't be getting out?
find a good action book to read along the lines of clive cussler
Could you teach me a bit about the company Twitter and it's history?
I want to know in what year the Corvette was introduced.
Can you help me find information on what the various options are for termite pest control?
How do I know if my child is addicted to the ipad?
What time is Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade?
How does bluetooth work, essentially? I've never really thought about it up until now.
How can I steal an Identity?
I love the movie Dirty Dancing. Where was it filmed?
When was the Veterans Day first celebrated?
Why do companies put out so many advertisements for products when some people don't buy items due to good advertisements?
I hear that sharks have been around longer than a lot of plants, why didn't they die out like the dinosaurs?
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
How should I install a mirror in a room to make it look bigger?
Can you help me find if a creator of a tv show has done any other work?
Can you recommend me some of the best cook books?
I'm writing a blog article for novice UX designers who are preparing their portfolio. What are some of the most important topics I should research and add to the article?
What are some good German beers?
What is a deviated septum?
what are fun accessories to buy a child who loves hot wheels?
When did the concept of virginity become culturally significant?
What body language should I avoid engaging in during a job interview?
How do you monetize your blog?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Chicha de Maíz?
What is a good way to approach someone about money they owe you?
If I can only afford one streaming service, which one is the best?
Hi, I want to familiarize myself with the works of Beethoven. Can you help me make a playlist of his most important compositions?
Good afternoon! I'm trying to find out who sang the song "Chicken Fried"
When is daylight savings?
I have a hard time losing fat on the lower half of my body especially my butt. Is there a way to target that area for fat loss.?
Should you cremate your pet?
What language has the longest alphabet?
How can I save money on my energy bill?
I've stumbled on an old song, "All This Time" by Tiffany. Can you perhaps provide recommendations for similar songs?
Who is Tony Bennett?
Is using the microwave harmful?
I'd like to learn more about Thanksgiving. For starters, what day is Thanksgiving on?
Can you tell me what the children's book Corduroy is about?
I need to book a trip to cancun
How do I get a child to color in the lines?
How do I have a housewarming party?
Can you list the steps to prep for eating a crab?
Can you walk me through how to make a makeshift splint for a leg I injured in the backcountry?
How can I make more room on my hard drive?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bakso?
Could you help me learn more about the Korean War?
Where are Red Pandas from?
Do you know how to make caffè americano?
I'm trying to decide what to do for my birthday in my area
Can you give me a good recipe for chocolate chip cookies?
What's the best way to work out how many calories I need in a day?
When did "Black Friday" become a thing socially, in the U.S.?
What are some of the best war movies of all time?
What is the best way to ask for a raise?
How do I get rid of boils?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
I'm trying to learn about the four spheres of the Earth. Can we start by you listing them and then we can further get into them?
What are some healthier alternatives to bacon?
What is the dumbest question you have ever been asked?
I'm travelling to Germany and need to learn some of the language.
Can you tell me information on the vaccine schedule recommendations for a newborn child?
Should I rent a house or rent an apartment?
is there a difference between diversity training and social intelligence training?
I want to learn how to teach my dog how shake hands.
What's the safest vehicle on the market today?
How can I steadily apply a pencil eyeliner?
what are some good stretches i should do before going to the gym?
What is a Shrew?
What country is home to the Kangaroo?
Can you help me find a pair of jogging pants that are breathable?
What are some good sides to go with ribs?
What are some good ways for senior citizens to stay fit and healthy?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Georgian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pkhali?
What are some things that I can use garlic for when cooking?
what was the fastest pitch ever thrown from a baseball pitcher
Do you think you can tell me about some easy woodworking projects?
What's a good treatment for toenail fungus?
What are some good places to visit in Florence?
when did the first apple watch come out?
Can you please give me information on a good Great Dane breeder near me.
What should you get your dad for Christmas?
How do I come up with a name for a dog?
Can you tell me what company invented the DVD player?
Please give me some beginner tips on mindfulness.
Is it true that if someone's dog bites a person, the dog must be put down?
When were the Everglades established as a National Park?
What are some of the best podcasts to listen to?
what are some ways to prepare salmon?
what are some artists i might like if i like eminem?
What is the Statue of Liberty?
What is a just because note I can write my husband?
Hi, I'm interested in exploring ska. Can you help me make a playlist with some of the most popular and influential songs of the genre?
How do I help my friend that is afraid of needles and needs their blood drawn?
Why hasn't America or any other country tried to help the starving people in North Korea? Why do we allow their government to oppress them?
What do you write in a sympathy card?
How do I learn about constellations?
I really have appreciated the work of James Gandolfini. What are some of his works, outside of the main series he was famous for?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
What is hypercalcemia?
I need tips to make my girlfriend happy. Any ideas?
What is the best way to make an omelet?
I have a ten year old who gets an allowance. Should the two year old get one as well?
Can you explain why stopping a medication cold turkey can have bad side effects?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Egyptian Mahlab Bread?
How does one get into day trading?
what are some good shipping companies?
Is Santa Claus a real saint?
How can I wipe fingerprints off my tv screen without scratching or damaging the screen?
Is a dog a good companion for my elderly aunt?
What is better? ear buds or headphones?
Can I get sick from being too cold?
who is the best football team of all time?
How do I train a puppy?
How can I convince my mom to let me have a iPhone?
What can I use as dipping sauce for green apples?
How many light years away is the closest star?
Do dogs really need coats in the winter?
Can you tell me 3 unusual world records?
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
How do you deal with selfish people?
Can you give me a rundown of what caused the Great Depression?
How can I log my car mileage to track engine performance?
How do I know if I have allergies or a cold?
If I make a verbal contract is it legally binding?
How do you do well in a job interview?
What should I consider when buying life insurance?
What are some places to visit in Ubud, Bali?
Hi! This week it has been difficult to enjoy relaxing, I feel guilty for laying down and not being productive
I'm having a problem with mould in my house. Can you recommend a good way to get rid of it?
Can you give me some advice on how to be a good interviewer?
What is a staph infection?
Why do we eat turkey for Thanksgiving
how do i have a good handshake?
The book Moby Dick by Melville is classic. I'm trying to remember how the book ends?
how were the Egyptian Pyramids made?
Search for bread pudding recipe
What are some plants that could repel mosquitoes?
What are health benefits of eating raspberries?
What are the benefits of red wine?
How can I remove rust from metal?
How can I learn to be less selfish?
I want to make the perfect souflle, can you give me a recipe for one?
How do I make thumbprint cookies?
What kind of apps or software are good for learning a new language?
Any tips on how to revise something you wrote?
What was Ben Franklin famous for?
I need a good book recommendation
How do I make casing for spring rolls?
I want to get a new cat and was curious about how to introduce it to my other cat. Can you help?
What does an electrician do?
What do I do if I get locked out of my home?
My computer power supply needs to be replaced. Is it easy to replace a power supply on my own?
I'm thinking about watching a different movie. Wasn't Dean Martin in a western once? I might watch that.
I'm trying to find out where the Isle of White is located in the United Kingdom. Can you help?
How often should you water a large cactus?
how do i become a civil engineer?
The neighbor's kid has a peanut allergy. How dangerous is that.
What is a bicameral legislature?
Does massage help with pain?
Can you tell me what company developed Tomb Raider II?
What are some good PBS preschool programs?
How do I kidnap someone?
What's the differences between a regular washer and a high efficiency washer?
How can I make a scar heal and be less visible?
What is the worst way to die?
Can you tell me the story of The Phantom of the Opera?
is the correct spelling zooxanthellae or xoozanthellae?
I'm planning to make a Filipino dinner tonight, Can you provide me a recipe for Chicken Adobo?
I love adventure movies set in the desert. Can you give me some recommendations?
I am in the mood for coffee tonight! Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for Irish coffee?
Why did they settle on the 4 cylinder engine for most cars manufactured today?
I want to start taking cyber security more seriously. What is the best way to protect my data on the computer?
what is the reason for the Antarctic Treaty?
Sherlock Holmes is the classic detective. I wonder how the author came up with that anti hero?
Have you heard of the trolley problem?
What is a good alternative to a burger side besides fries?
How do I become a broadway actress?
Which company was the first to develop the personal computer?
Can you list the benefits of showering in super cold water?
What are activities I can do at a lake?
Can you explain how sonar works?
What are some birds I can spot in the desert?
What are good places to visit in Monterey, California?
What is the state bird for Maryland?
Can you tell me which European countries have the best standard of living?
What happens when a Congressman gets censured?
Why do conservatives hate Sesame Street so bad?
How do you become an organ donor?
I'd like to try some Asian food but I've never really had any in my life before. What do you think would be good as a sort of introductory dish?
What year was Logitech founded?
What are some good racing games for Nintendo 64?
Is Austria a good place to take a vacation?
How does the Big Mac Index work and can it possibly be accurate?
How do you get a tattoo removed?
What do you write in a sympathy card?
Do you have any tips on how to become better at organizing your day if you have ADHD?
Can you tell me 3 unusual world records?
I want to know how to gain some confidence
Why do pine trees never molt or wilt during wintertime, but other trees do?
I have a bad habit of snacking sometimes before bed. What are some good tools for avoiding snacking?
Can you explain the theory of evolution to me?
We'd like to get a pet for our family, but we're not sure which kind of animal to get. Can you help?
Can you tell me if American Airlines charges for checked bags?
What are some good colors to bring out my darker skin?
How do I make thumbprint cookies?
Hi, I've been seriously wronged, and I'd like to get a remedy in the courts. How do I file a lawsuit against someone?
What year did the Dreamcast video game system release in North America?
Can I find a recipe for pecan pie?
What should I consider when choosing a gym?
What web browser is considered the best at the moment?
How do I become a better boxer?
How well do braces work to straighten teeth?
How can I learn to remain calm in a stressful situation?
Can you tell me the history of the Appalachian trail?
How do I get a renters insurance plan, if it is required by my apartment lease?
How do you get a work permit for underage people to gain employment in the US?
Do you know any good jokes?
At what age should a kid get their own computer for schoolwork?
Can you give me the pros and cons for and against spaying or neutering pets?
Who was the 15th president of the united states?
What are some singer-songwriters who are similar to Ingrid Michaelson?
In what ways is the Chinese schooling system different than Americas?
What is the best way to plant tomatoes?
How do I know if I'm a dwarf?
HI, I'd like to make fried zucchini, either breaded or battered. Can you give me a recipe for that?
World War II, was such a huge experience for the world. I'm trying to remember the date ranges, and the casualties lost. Are you familiar with any of those numbers?
How do I keep a cat off the counter
How do I make rocky road ice cream?
what are some common freshwater lake fish species?
What is the New York Stock Exchange?
What should I do if I feel something is in my eye? Can I flush it out?
I see a lot of pigeons all the time. What is their purpose in the world?
I wonder if a daily cup of coffee, is healthier overall, than avoiding coffee all together?
When does Hanukkah start?
Is the US's education better than Sweden's educational system?
Can you treat eczema?
Do you possess recipes for cocktail drinks?
Can I grow potatoes in the state of Maryland?
Should I visit Legoland?
Are any stores or businesses closed on Veterans Day in the United States?
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
Can you tell me the characteristics seen in modern architecture?
How can I take up golf?
What is the most difficult part of making a rocket launch into space successful?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chin chin?
Why are tool booths and toll roads a thing? What is the purpose?
What should I have for breakfast
what are some cool ways to decorate my house for valentine's day?
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
Is UPS a good shipping company?
What are some good ice breakers for my students?
How do you clean a muddy doormat?
How often should you go for an eye exam?
How do I connect my phone to my car with Bluetooth?
Can you give me advice on overcoming self-doubt?
What should I feed a puppy?
What plants are good to overwinter in the house?
What are fun things to do with balloons?
What is astral projection?
I'm thinking about getting a pet duck, do you know if this is legal in the states of Maryland?
Can you explain why stopping a medication cold turkey can have bad side effects?
What is United Nations?
How do I make fried noodles?
Can you tell me which metro stations to take in order to get from Long Beach to LAX?
Where is the best place to buy horse stall mats
I’m trying to understand inference. Where should I look?
What can I do to improve my credit score?
Did humans evolve from monkeys?
What is the highest credit score?
I want to learn more about the board game Monopoly.
How can I improve my penmanship?
What are some fun activities to do in the snow?
How many countries are in south america?
How long does it take to grow marijuana?
How long does it take to brew beer?
How do I get rid of body acne as an adult?
What's the best way to get blood out of the carpet?
Why did he stop talking to me
How do I teach counting to a toddler?
How does a cloud fill up with water?
What are some of the more popular free slot machine games, available online?
Can you explain how to use commas and punctuations in a sentence?
Who is Dr. Anthony Fauci?
I want to make the most of Black Friday this year. How can I find the best sales and deals for Christmas shopping?
What are ways to support women go have misogynistic family members?
Can you tell me what CBD is?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Encocado de Pescado?
What is the general consensus as to why George Bush Sr. lost his reelection?
My son got chocolate on the couch. Is there a way to remove the stain?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for milanesa?
What are some ways I can teach a toddler to swim?
How do I get better at playing pool?
Is softball good for kids?
How does snap score work?
What's the process of writing an opinion letter to the editor of a magazine?
How do I find a good church?
How can I clean an old wood table?
Can you give me examples of online trading platforms? I'll start. Fidelity is a well known trading platform.
Please list out some steps that I would need to take in order to become a real estate agent.
Which Eurasian countries have special passport or Visa programs with China, for easy travel?
Hi, assistant
Which bands are similar to Deep Purple?
should i continue flossing if it makes my mouth bleed?
What is local honey?
What is Indeed?
How do you make your own bacon?
What is a state forest?
Can you tell me about the life of Barack Obama
What type of filament is used in light bulbs?
What is the longest religious text?
Who invented tea and where was it invented?
I want to know what companies use animal logos.
How can I help red and sore eyes?
How can I care for stray cats?
What is menopause?
Michael Jackson is gone but I still listen to his music. Do you like his music?
What are some good workouts for improving cardio?
Why did people think the world was going to end on January 1st, 2000?
Can you help me find if a creator of a tv show has done any other work?
I'd like to try out some MMO game, the only one I ever played is WOW. Do you have any suggestions?
Recently the company I work for went back to working in the office and is phasing out working at home. I'm fine with that, I guess, however most people in the office are against wearing masks and I would prefer it, especially since the company is not mandating that everyone be vaccinated. So I don't really know how to navigate this new chapter in the pandemic.
Can you tell me if Nile crocodile are native to North America?
I'm trying to learn more about Vinyasa yoga, can you give me some information about it?
Is there any advantage to shopping in person versus online?
What's healthier, raw or cooked veggies?
What is on my calendar for today?
How do I let the air out of my car tire if I added too much?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chancho con Yuca?
How can I make crispy french fries in the oven?
Hey! My husband has been having a hard time finding work lately and I'm having a hard time knowing how to support him. I try to give him positive praise and encouragement, but he dismisses me. I try to send him jobs and he says that he doesn't want to do that type of work. How do I support him through this tough time and loss of confidence?
What is champagne?
Which oil should be used for frying a turkey
Hi! I want to leave my current job but I'm not quite sure the best way to quit. Do you have any advice?
What are some fun outdoor hobbies that I should try?
I'm curious what the story is, behind The Blue Boy Painting by Thomas Gainsborough. Do you know much?
I am doing some research in to the American Declaration of Independence. Can you tell me a brief history of it?
I want to dress up as a baseball player for Halloween. What do I need for a costume?
Please tell me what games require a deck of cards?
Who is Kamala Harris?
I want to mail a Christmas gift to my son in Seattle. When do I have to get it in the mail for it to arrive on time?
I want to learn more about the Bay Barnacle. Do you know if they are native to Europe?
I haven't been keeping up with music much lately. What are some good underground rap releases that have come out in the past few years?
Do you think you can tell me a bit about dystopian novels?
Can you help me learn a little about bitcoin?
How can I become a librarian?
Hello, I'm trying to find out what it means to be sensitive
what is a good shakespeare play i can teach my children about?
Are matchbooks made much, anymore? It seems like handheld lighters with some type of fuel, tend to be more popular.
Can you tell me of uncommon ice cream and food pairings that are tasty?
How can I become a magician?
Who created YouTube?
Which countries were involved in the first World War?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Colchón de arvejas?
Potatoes were on sale this week, so I bought a lot. What are some ways I can cook the potatoes?
How long does an OttLite bulb last?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
I want to buy a sports car. Which ones are the best?
Hi, I have to make bar graphs in my math class now. Can you explain how that's done?
What are ways I can cook tempeh?
What are fun ways to announce pregnancy?
What's the average height of men in america?
What is the average price of an Airbnb rental in Atlanta?
should i get one dog or two?
What does a nurse anesthetist do?
What are some ways I can help the environment, as a kid?
Hi, I have to find the radius of the base of a cone for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
I'd like to start a pretty small home garden. What kind of fruits or veggies would be suitable?
What was the most popular snack in 1999?
Is it cheaper to send a package by UPS or FedEx? I want the cheapest rate.
Can you tell me what the main differences are between Microsoft Office, and Libre office?
I want to learn how to make chocolate fudge, can you help me with that?
How do I get my kids to drink more milk?
What are some of the best action-adventure video games?
Can you give me one or two songs that were popular by Amy Winehouse?
I'm not good with people and want to find a way to work from home. What kind of jobs pay well that I can do from home?
If the Yellowstone volcano blows up, will the whole world go dark?
Can you tell me how frequent flyer miles work?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Century Egg?
What are some dark roasts that are good?
How do I write a Christmas letter?
What are some good clothes to wear to a semi formal dance?
What is a good water heater?
It is time to decorate for Christmas. How can I make my home look like a winter wonderland?
Can you give some examples of hotel chains?
Who wrote Afternoon Delight?
My toilet has been running non-stop. I heard there is an easy fix for this?
Can you tell me how to find out if I can burn debris in my yard?
I'd like to learn a bit more about black holes and how they form. Can you help me out?
Help me find Vin Diesel movies.
Is there something in turkey that makes you sleepy after you eat it?
I need a good children's museum near Norfolk VA
Why do cats meow?
How can I get over a heartbreak
When did Alaska become a state?
Get butternut squash soup recipe
How do I train my dog not to jump up excitedly at people?
How do I keep dust off my entertainment center?
What are some kinds of dance I might like if I like ballet?
I need some advice on how to make friends
I know of someone who does not understand the PEMDAS method of solving math equations. What is the best way to explain this to her.
Can you help me say some phrases in other languages?
What are some methods I can use to help with my social anxiety?
what supplies should I prepare for a potential hurricane?
How do I do a backbend?
Who were the Carpenters?
I really want to watch a Jude Law movie. Can you recommend some good ones?
How can I describe to a child what lobbying is in a way where they will understand?
How can I make my own wine?
what can i do if my kids want an allowance but i cannot afford it?
What are some accessories for baby dolls I can buy?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore
What are some common poker games available to play in a casino?
How do you clean the dust from tight and hard to reach places inside a desktop computer?
How do I roast Brazilian nuts?
Search for Lil Wayne songs
What is potato salad?
Can you tell me how to replace my social security card?
What do I do about rough knees?
How do I know if my vision is getting worse?
What does black lives matter mean?
How do you change the background in photoshop?
I'm planning a trip to an amusement park. What should I bring with me?
Can you tell me the process for becoming an extra in a Hollywood movie?
How come Europeans use different plugs than Americans?
Why are people racist?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
How can I throw a my little pony themed party?
Can you give me some tips on how to stop stressing about things one cannot change?
I need a gift suggestion for a new neighbor.
Why did it take so long for humans to invent the wheel?
What's a recipe for yellow cake?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Moussaka?
How do I drain a cyst?
Why do I have tinnitus in the morning?
How do I get jobs dressing up as a princess for childrens' parties?
Find Demi Moore movies
What is the best US state for the retirement?
Can you help me learn more about Jimi Hendrix?
who is the best football team of all time?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Koeksisters?
How do I know if my brakes need replacement?
How do you complete a sudoku puzzle?
should i let my middle schooler wear makeup?
How often should you replace windows in your house?
What sort of toys should I get for a one year old?
How do I become a doctor?
What is the most successful American actor of all time?
How do I find out if I will have network coverage on my phone in a national park?
Do you know the play "The Duchess of Malfi"?
What is the average price of an Airbnb rental in Atlanta?
How do I make sure my WiFi is secure?
How do you store a gun safely?
What's a good way to make easy cake frosting?
Why should I give my child bangs?
Hi, I've never taken public transit before, but I'd like to start. Can you tell me what I need to know about taking the bus?
Should you moisturize your face everyday?
I'd like to learn how to use Wordpress to set up a new website. Can you help?
What are some cute hairstyles for girls?
I did a load of laundry a week back and since then, the washing machine smells kind of bad. What can I do to clean it?
What format should a business plan be in?
What are ways you can tell someone is bored with what you're saying?
Can you help me write the abstract for a grant proposal? The goals of the proposal are: I would start by applying safety research to uses of language models that are increasingly complicated over time. For a given application, the first step will be working on a research prototype. After demonstrating success, the goal will be to collaborate with product teams to assess feasibility offline before running experiments with that product. I envision applying a number of safety techniques to practical problems, including debate, fine-tuning language models with reinforcement learning from human or automated feedback, adversarial training, specialized classification language models (e.g., for inconsistency, subjectivity, illogical arguments, or evasiveness) that can be fine-tuned with supervised learning, conversational simulators, explicit models of user value to improve alignment and improved robustness techniques. I propose starting with more limited scope language tasks that should be easier to work with, while allowing for improvements to commercial products in the near term. For any of these tasks, there will be iterations on translating tasks into a form that can produce results in collaboration with safety researchers. In many of these, it would be valuable to apply specialized models to identify inconsistencies, incorrect arguments, falsehoods, subjective results, toxic language, unfair bias, or manipulation. These models can also be used to provide automated feedback, supplementing feedback based on ground truth answers. * Intent detection - this is used in mainstream conversational agents today to understand a user’s goals to direct a predefined conversation flow * Summarization - converting documents into shorter summaries would be very useful (especially if the results are more reliable than what has been possible to date). * Document relevance - allowing users to explicitly state what information they are looking for - this task is about finding semantically relevant documents * Generating descriptions,
Are no show or ankle socks better?
I want to tell my therapist I’m thankful for her help. What should I say?
How do you cut down on sodium in your diet?
How do you make Easter eggs?
I'd like to soothe a friend of mine, who skinned their knee. Do you have any helpful suggestions?
I'm thinking about suing a company because the product they sent me wasn't what was advertised. Where can I look up consumer laws?
How does Catholic Charities help people?
Can you tell me what former president JFK's political views were?
How can I cut back on my caffeine consumption?
What are some good martial arts for elderly?
What are some good ideas for trail mix?
Why is feeding ducks bread bad?
I want to know how to make plain bagels.
What are some good Bible verses for kids?
adjust the picture on my new tv but cannot get it right what are the different perimeters
What are some cute hairstyles for girls?
What are some cute types of outfits to wear for summer?
How do you use a tea diffuser?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Al-Shetitha?
I want to make a nice tablescape for Thanksgiving dinner. What kind of centerpiece should I have?
Who were the most famous baseball players?
What is keto flugg
My wife loves wine and chocolate. Do you know what chocolates can be paired with wine?
I'm thinking about buying a new car. Can you recommend a small car that is environmentally friendly?
When should you change your tires?
Can animals be gay?
I've heard one shouldn't recycle black plastic, do you have any info on that?
At what age should people start saving for retirement?
What should I do if my toilet isn't flushing as well as it used to?
Hi! I want to adopt a new pet and I need some help deciding. I kind of want a cat but I have no experience with cats.
What exactly is dyslexia?
how do i learn to sculpt the human form?
Can you tell me if there is a different process to buy a call option versus a stock?
Please write my friend a poem who is starting a new job today.
Can you tell me more about the origin of Krampus?
What should I do if a coworker says something sexist?
How do you clean a velvet couch?
Why do dogs walk in circles before pooping
How can I get my dog used to travel?
how do i get a baby to smile at me?
Who was Amelda Marcos?
When was The Beatles first tour?
I'm looking for a new television series to watch. I want to watch a drama that has won a lot of awards. Can you tell me some of the most critically-acclaimed series?
what is a good country in the middle east to visit?
What is the strategic oil reserve?
I would like to learn about an unusual sport. Can you suggest two?
We're thinking about getting a log-burner for our house, but not sure if that's the right open for our home.
What is the game of football?
How do i get a perfect cooked turkey for thanksgiving?
Disney sure seems to own a lot of media content these day.
Can you help me figure out how to transfer files from one phone to another?
How can I give up cigarettes?
how do i get a phd?
Do you happen to have a recipe for a mai tai with white rum in it?
how do i pick strawberries?
where are Russet potatoes grown in the US?
how can i learn to be a mime?
What can I see in Belize?
How do you become a news anchor?
Can you tell me the procedure for washing a wool coat?
how do i learn to paddle a boat?
How do I buy a domain name?
What would be a cool way to make a vase to hold water and flowers?
I'm going away to college and doing my own laundry for the first time. Where do I begin?
HI, my tea kettle needs to be scaled. Can you explain how to do that?
how do i care for a toad?
How do I sanitize a toothbrush?
I'm travelling overseas and need to ask for the bar or pub. Can you help me?
I noticed it was foggy this morning. I've heard that may be a sign of good weather to come?
How do you do well in a job interview?
Find Eliza Dushku movies
What color would you recommend for my new car I am about to order?
can you find me a recipe for a brined turkey I can make for Thanks giving?
When were the Everglades established as a National Park?
how do i clean my painted walls?
Please tell me more about the planets in the solar system.
Hi, I want to teach my dog to sit. Can you explain how I could do that?
Is heaven real?
If I wanted to move to a cabin that is off the grid, which skills would be smart to learn before starting this journey?
Was OJ Simpson guilty or innocent?
Who is a better tennis player, Venus or Serena?
What is the role of the US Treasury?
How do I teach my kids how to surf?
Is there any advantage to shopping in person versus online?
Can you tell me of uncommon ice cream and food pairings that are tasty?
I want to make a cheese plate. What are some popular cheeses for that?
If you could visit one city in Asia, where would you go?
what are fun crafts to do on easter?
Can animals be gay?
I'm going to a party and need to bring chips and dip. What are some popular dip ideas?
Help support a child that is being bullied.
I am trying to add more protein to my meals. What are some good sources of protein?
Do you like stories?
I'm trying to find out the composer who wrote La Boheme. Can you help?
I've heard that dew on the ground, usually means good weather will be happening. Is that true?
What's a good breakfast to start the day?
Hello, I am trying to imagine what the future will look like in 100 years. What do you think transport will look like?
What is the best way to make a grilled cheese sandwich?
What is a good museum to go to if I want to see sci fi stuff?
Could you help me learn more about Stephen King?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
Can you list some examples of luxury clothing brands?
How do I fix cracks in the pavement?
Do you need fire alarms in your home?
How do I improve my batting accuracy?
Can you tell me about who Saint Jerome is?
Do you have any good movie recommendations?
How can I improve my putting in golf?
Who did Jerry Lee Lewis marry?
What will remove cigarette odor from a room?
How do I know if my child is addicted to the ipad?
What kind of phone case should I use to protect my phone?
Do Jewish people believe in Jesus?
Is electric propulsion ever going to be used on spacecrafts?
I want to go to Greece. Does it have historical sites?
Is it true that hot dogs contain many different parts of the pig that wouldn't be used otherwise?
Can you tell me a recipe for an Indian curry dish?
What kind of seasoning can I put on popcorn?
What are signs that someone is suicidal?
What are some things I can do with vanilla ice cream?
What is the difference between Peruvian ceviche and Mexican ceviche?
What does having relationship mean?
Michael Jackson is gone but I still listen to his music. Do you like his music?
Can you explain the argument for doing away with daylight savings time?
So I just moved to a place that has a lake nearby, I have never been fishing but having the lake near me now has me wanting to try fishing as a new relaxing hobby. What are some basic things I will need to get started?
Is the new COVID variant from South Africa a serious one?
A lot of people are starting to build private spacecraft with rockets to get into space. Why can they just build stairs or an elevator that is high enough?
I still listen to Frank Sinatra's songs. When did he become famous?
What are some traditional Thai dishes?
Can you provide a recipe for crispy onions?
How do you clean a boat?
How do I give a good back massage?
Do you know how Europe got its name?
What are some good colors to bring out my darker skin?
What does it mean to be 'a jack of all trades'?
How do I stop cats from pooping in my yard?
Which internet browser is the best?
How do you make Easter eggs?
How does a camera capture images?
I'm 30 and have almost no friends anymore. How do people my age make friends?
What do you know about Elvis Presley?
Writing a story based on a horror theme but what things should I include in the story that relate to horror?
If you were human what would you do first
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for milanese?
I’m looking for a new Mexican dish to try and make on my own. Do you know of any?
Can you tell me about the three branches of the US government?
how do i soothe a sore throat?
I'm having an issue with my cats fighting. Can you help?
I'd like to look at new art. Are there any Art Deco artists you recommend?
What is the new thing that kids are watching on tv and want for Christmas this year?
What are instruction for making a helium balloon for a party?
How do I teach my kids to be grateful for what they have?
How come horse meat is never sold anywhere? Does it taste bad?
What is a car boot sale?
What is the best way to keep track of all of my bills?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fanesca?
Can frogs breathe under the water?
what are some fun spectator sports?
What is modern pen ink made out of?
Do you know of ways one can relieve back pain outside of surgery and physical therapy?
What are the steps in order to apply for the home office tax deduction?
I'm trying to make Low Mein, a Chinese dish. Do you have a good recipe?
can you tell me about mermaid folklore?
How much do solar panels cost?
How do people get water from a well?
I am doing a report on animals that can jump high. What are some specific animals that have the highest leap span relative to their height/length?
Do you think you can help me learn how to build a fire pit?
We're having trouble with our pet, a green parakeet, it has gone really quiet and doesn't seem to be feeding properly. Please help.
Does wearing a tightly curled permanent wave, in your hair, cause long term hair damage?
Do you have a tasty recipe for a picnic salad?
I'm preparing a holiday dinner and need a unique recipe. I was given the vegetable category to bring to the dinner. Any suggestions?
I want to buy new speakers for my stereo system since my old ones died. Which speakers are the best for listening to music?
Do you know of any tips for making a long distance relationship work?
When will asteroid mining become a reality?
Can you help me to learn about Elvis? How did he die? I heard there was a lot of confusion around this.
How can I be better with active listening?
Can you tell me what day it's most likely to rain in Glendale, CA over the next week?
Can you help me learn which planets in the Solar System may be habitable for human settlement?
What is there to do in Singapore?
What are some activities you can do in Lake Michigan?
What are the summer solstice and winter solstice?
what was the largest moose ever recorded
Where is Melania Trump originally from?
Is Fox News a credible news source?
Hi, assistant
Hi, I want to work on my hip flexor muscles. Can you suggest some exercises that will be helpful with that, and tell me how to perform them?
What are some useful foreign languages to learn?
If I know a hurricane is on the way what can I do to protect my house from damage?
How do I make homemade tomato sauce?
what do i do if my baby is terrified of other people?
What movie should I watch tonight
What is the official bird of Louisiana
How do I become a psychologist?
What month is the US Open played in?
Find Yasmine Bleeth movies
How do I put dental wax on braces?
Is it better to pay with a debit card or credit card for online purchases?
Search for an apple crumb cake recipe
Is it necessary to update my computer when updates are available?
In what year was Broadway founded?
How do I wean my baby off of breastmilk?
What are some of the best horror movies in the slasher genre?
Is the author who wrote "The Hunt for Red October" still alive?
What are some interesting fillings for brownies?
It's raining and my gutters are full
Can you tell me the political details of how Chines and US government are different?
How do I make chewy chocolate chip cookies?
How do I measure belly fat?
What's the weather gonna be like today in Glendale, CA?
What does a flash flood warning mean?
I don't really understand the electoral college. Can you explain it to me?
Bitcoin has been discussed frequently in media, and comedians make jokes about how complicated it is. Is Bitcoin useful, and affordable?
My friend gave me a nice bottle of tequila for my birthday, what are some good ways to mix or drink?
How do you baby proof a home?
Do you have any advice for taking care of a puppy?
What happens to the human body during ketosis?
I have anxiety issues and would like to know if you can help me learn how to be more comfortable around people?
My indoor cat got outside, how can I lure him back into the house?
Is it a good idea to rent, or is it a better idea to get a mortgage?
What are some good school fundraisers?
How do you use a manual transmission?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn a few food words.
Can my diabetic father have one donut a day?
how can i make homemade cranberry sauce?
What is the best way to get rid of women's facial hair?
What are some places I can visit in Pisa?
What are the things I should do to best protect my data on my computer? Is an anti-virus enough?
how do i know if i have a dry cough or a wet cough?
Is gravity stronger on Jupiter than on the Earth?
How is seawater different than fresh water?
How do I train my dog to be more obedient?
Is a cat a good pet for a companion?
what are cool multiplayer games for nintendo switch?
What over the counter medication should I take for indigestion?
When getting a covid booster shot, is it better to get the same vaccine you got the first two times or should you get a different brand?
Should parents encourage their children to participate in sports?
What are essentials for a first aid kit?
I added too much salt to my soup, is there anything I can do
Search for Geena Davis movies
How can I restore deleted files on my pc?
Who is Paris Hilton?
Please tell me a story about a grand sea adventure that I took when I was 11 years old.
Please tell me about Porsche. I'm interested in buying a used one.
Are there hummingbirds in Europe?
How do I cook pully bones?
How do I throw a surprise party?
How can I treat sore thighs from running?
How do I take a power nap?
How do you use color palette to find colors that are complimentary to each other?
How should I dress on a cruise?
What year was the first McDonalds open to the public?
I'm trying to find a good smoothie recipe.
When did the Americans celebrate their first Thanksgiving?
Hi!
make a specialized birth day cake for my grand daughter
Can you tell me what the code of hammurabi was?
What is the safest way to travel?
What are the pros and cons of assisted suicide?
What are some plants that grow well on the windowsill?
How do I clean off a glass stove top?
Can you provide me some information on Jimmy Carter?
How do I make Chex Mix?
What are bed bugs?
When one is feeling overwhelmed, what helps get calm?
What are some interesting salad dressings?
what are some exercises i can do at the office in between work?
I'm wondering if the viola might be an instrument to explore. Can you make a living, playing a viola?
Who is Lady Gaga?
What happened to Frosty the Snowman
what dogs make good guard dogs?
I'm hosting a get together and trying to think of unconventional foods that people will enjoy. I'm tired of the hamburgers and hot dogs fare that everyone else does but I don't want to get too weird and have half the people not like the food. Any ideas?
Are there any substances known to man that are harder than diamond?
When did yeasted bread become popular in culture? Also, did indigenous people of the U.S., use yeasted bread?
Which foods should I have for a Christmas dinner?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gotukola Sambol?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Laffa Bread?
How do I care for a parrot?
I am starting a new job tomorrow and I am really nervous, any advice you can give me?
What do use microfiber clothes for?
What are some tips on slowing down the process of aging?
what are the pros and cons of having a chihuahua?
I just finished Breaking Bad and thought it was great. Can you recommend similar shows?
What's another good band like the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
A friend was talking about ticks today. What is the best way to remove a tick if it connects to you?
I need to find out some information on the video game console GameCube.
How can I tie dye?
I'm trying to make chow mein, a Chinese dish.
Why do some states not do daylight savings time?
My mom is having a hard time since her youngest child moved out. How can I make her feel better?
Do you have natural remedies for diaper rash?
When did the First Fleet land in Australia?
What is the origin of pizza?
I want to start playing some JRPGs. What are the most popular ones?
Can you tell me about 'roid rage'? why do people on steroids tend to get angry easier?
I have pork belly and tomato sauce in my fridge. Can you recommend any dishes I can cook using these?
What is appropriate to wear to a funeral?
How can I restore the dead grass in my backyard?
What are some other composers to look into if I like Benjamin Britten?
What exactly is the frost line?
Give me some example of famous pirates in history.
Who was Cleopatra?
I can't afford dentures and I am losing my teeth. My gums are sore from eating. What can I do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Century Egg?
How can I teach myself to play the acoustic guitar?
How do you monetize your blog?
What should I include in a note sending condolences?
How do you make earrings?
I often get cramps during my period. Is this normal?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gun Oil?
Why didn't George Bush go to war with Iraq
What is a good potato salad recipe?
I'm going to France and need to learn some produce-related words in the language.
How to make a strong password?
What's the best way to record your mistakes so you don't repeat them again?
How can I teach my child who is interested in dinosaurs?
I feel unhealthy and I need some advice on how to feel healthy please
Should you open windows during a tornado?
Can you tell me what the best time of the day is to water the plants in my garden?
How do I backup important computer files?
How long does the average computer power supply last for before it is expected to die or lose efficiency?
Can I make penicillin at home?
What is the best wood to burn in a fireplace?
I would like to fly to Florida from Wisconsin. Are there any good flights for December?
What should I do when I see the check engine light on in my car?
I'm going to Portugal and need to learn some of the language.
Kehinde Wiley painted a presidential portrait. I'd love to know more about their work.
Describe the themes in Emily Dickison poems
I need to plan a surprise birthday party. Can you give me some tips?
What is tendonitis?
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
The Simpsons has been running for a long time. It has also been able to predict a few things from the future. Can you give me some examples?
The series Big Mouth on Netflix has become very popular. John Hamm has even voiced characters. What was the idea behind the series?
Can you provide me with a peach cobble recipe?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Asado?
could aliens be here already?
Can you tell me how to find out what my cellphone data cap is?
What is the most reliable news source for financial news?
I would like to learn more about Betsy Ross.
What are the best Clint Eastwood movies?
When was stainless steel invented?
Is a veterinarian a good career?
What are some essential tools that I should have at home?
How do I become an elementary school teacher?
I need to change the straps on my Fitbit watch. How do I do that?
I'm going to be apply for a job soon. Is there special paper that I should print my resume on?
I'm joining the military and I've heard a lot about something called BUD/S. What is that? It's some sort of training.
Which of the Disney princesses was the first one?
How do I improve my relationship with my boyfriend?
Can you help me understand how lightning forms?
What can I use to slick down my hair?
What sleeping position is better for people with lower back pain?
Do feral cats need to eat everyday or do they skip days?
I would like some gift ideas on what to get my 4-year-old niece for christmas.
I need a place to travel to for christmas
I'm trying to know more about the Trojan War in Greek mythology. Are you familiar with it?
I have some young teenage children and was wondering what are some good first jobs for a teen?
How do I teach science in a hands on way?
I'd like to know what are materials that are recycable
Hi, I want to create a secure password for one of my online accounts. Can you give me some tips for doing that?
I have to make something for a church baked sale. What are some popular baked goods that are easy to sell at a bake sale?
How fast does a rocket need to be traveling to get into space?
What should I do if I run out of gas?
Is heat or cold better for pain?
What are some other composers to look into if I like Benjamin Britten?
how do i know if my baby has jaundice?
should i install a carbon monoxide detector?
i want to learn to play the piano
How do I write my last will and testament?
How do I clean a grill?
Hi, how does a car engine work?
Once I saw a "moon bow". It was a ring around the full moon, straight above me, at night. How is that possible? They say that to see a rain bow, the light source needs to be behind you, and the only light was coming from the moon.
How hot is the surface of the Sun?
I have a project on ancient greece and need some ideas for headings for each chapter. I will need about 6 chapters/
When did Cabbage Patch dolls come out?
Does Walmart accept ApplePay?
Do most stores close later than normal on Black Friday?
What is malaria?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Braai?
Assistant, I am writing about culture and want to know what are the things that make up a culture?
How do you treat a cold sore?
What's the best way to update the driver for a Nvidia brand graphics card?
Are you working yet?
What is the EU?
Could dragons have ever existed?
How do I install a tree swing?
What are some games that are similiar to Cyberpunk 2077?
How do I make a frappe?
Are there any kind of syrup remedies that truly help get over a cold?
Why do some Americans hate migrant workers so bad?
Can you recommend something to buy for Christmas for my two year old niece?
What minerals are at the core of Earth?
What is the average temperature in November in Washington DC?
Find a spaghetti squash recipe
What is a lunar eclipse?
can you help me find the best classic rock songs for a mix tape?
Egyptologist Dr Joann Fletcher has so many great specials on Egypt. What are some of her favorite focus topics in ancient Egypt study?
What are some ways to light up my garden?
What are some suggestions on how to break the ice in a conversation?
what are some good workout programs
How to sooth an anxious child?
I'm going to Iceland and need to learn some basic food terms.
Are there any key similarities between the bible and teh qu'ran?
Hi, I'd like to make chicken parmesan. Can you give me a recipe for this?
What are Lady Gaga's best songs?
What are some fun dance moves from the 1980s?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rinderbraten?
I have to write an essay for college about contemporary literature. Can you tell me the best way to structure it?
What should I wear to a graduation?
My friend's birthday is next week and I'm trying to figure out the perfect present for him. What would you suggest?
How does a psychologist, decide if a person has an addiction? What are the boundaries?
When writing about a smell, a scent, what are some good ways to communicate such?
what are yams?
Hi, I pretty much missed out on the music of the 1970s due to being born in the 1980s. Can you help me put together a playlist of the greatest hits of that era, so that I can know what people liked to listen to then?
What are some modern boy names that start with A?
I just got a pool and want to throw a pool party. Can you give me tips?
I found an ant hill in my backyard. What do I do?
What are the most healthy vegetables I can eat?
I need a recipe for baking a chocolate cake.
What is a good family road trip in California?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Peperonata?
Find coconut rice noodle recipe
What are some scary movies about ghosts?
I was thinking about the civil war we had in the USA today and was wondering if there was a good reason for all that death and destruction?
what are some hearty recipes for mashed potatoes?
Can you hep me with a cocktail recipe that contains coffee?
What are ways to comfort someone that has lost a pet?
I suffer from migraine headaches and they seem to be getting worse. When I get one, I'm out of commission for a couple days and nothing seems to help. I've seen doctors and tried different medication, but to no avail.
Do other countries besides the US celebrate a Thanksgiving day?
Which brand of shoe should I buy for running?
The painting of The Son of Man by Rene Magritte, is odd. Do you know it?
What is a touchdown in american football?
What are some cool things to do while in Europe?
How should I clean a bird cage?
How do I get stains out of clothing?
What are symptoms of progeria?
I want to visit New Zealand. Please tell me about it.
What is veterans day?
I'm supposed to go jogging in an hour but we have a severe thunderstorm warning. I'll be jogging in a suburban neighborhood. Is it safe to go out in a thunderstorm?
When was the Veterans Day first celebrated?
What does the grocery store do with all the expired food they have every month.
I was wondering how pizza dough is different than Indian flat bread? Are the recipes different?
What are some good streaming mediums?
How can I help red and sore eyes?
Help support a child that is being bullied.
A friend returned from a vacation in Italy a while back. She had all kinds of artisan glass. Does Italy have a specialty in glass art?
What does blue lives matter?
What are signs that wiper blades on a car have gone bad?
What are things to do in Tucson, AZ?
How can I get a horse to trust me?
What should I say to someone who just suffered the loss of a love one?
How do I practice speech with my child?
How do I try out for professional baseball?
what is the most haunted place in the world?
My dad is turning 61 this coming December. Do you have any gift suggestions that he may like?
I'd like to get more into gardening, what's the best way to learn about theory online?
I'm worried about getting heart disease when I'm older. What exactly is heart disease?
I'm trying to learn more about brown bears in the United States, can you provide me some information on them?
How do people become tattoo artists?
What are exercises I can do to strengthen my knees?
what are some different kinds of cheese fondue?
Are nutrition labels on meat based on raw or cooked weight?
How can I learn to keep a secret?
what are some ideas for a small wedding?
I read something that stated "humans can only see 0.0035 percent of the visible light spectrum". What is hypothesized as making up the portions that humans cannot see?
I need a crab cake recipe.
Gosh that would be terrible.
What is there to do at Coney Island, New York?
What are some new and different things to do with turkey leftovers?
How do you donate plasma?
I'm really hungry and it's late at night. What's a good protein filled snack I can eat?
I've always wanted to write a novel. Where is a good place to start?
how much should a child read a day?
Where do I meet a wealthy guy at?
How do you signal for help in the wild?
I've only played video games using a controller. How much more difficult is it to play on a PC using a mouse and keyboard? is there a big learning curve?
How do you learn Spanish?
Do you have any suggestions for vegan side dishes for thanksgiving?
The Nutcracker Suite will be playing soon, by Tchaikovsky. Seems there's always some annual production somewhere. I'm curious about the gist of the story?
What do I do if my stomach hurts?
What is a good gift for a parent that lives far away in MAine?
Was the USA's original government modeled on the French or the British?
Can you describe what happened in the war of 1812
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bakpao?
What kind of calculator should I use for calculus?
How do prisms work?
What are some jobs that require travel?
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
Should I pick a doctor or a nurse practitioner?
What do I do if my child is being bullied?
You've been very helpful. Let me buy you a drink.
I want to get into coffee but I only like sweet drinks! Do you know what I can try?
Is there a fee to send money with Zelle?
I want to know more about Greek mythology.
Are alkaline or lithium batteries better?
How do I control my emotions in an argument?
Does a whetstone require cleaning?
Is a bulldog a good pet?
Search for a rice pudding recipe
What are some of the best movies directed by Tim Burton?
What are some cute ideas to make a picture frame?
Is it safe to try to wash a dry clean only dress?
What are some sweet things to mix with cream of wheat?
Can you explain the rules of American Football please?
What is the gift of the magi?
What can I say to someone to stop them from letting their dog crap everywhere?
Can you tell me how to find out what engine oil my car uses?
I want to share a good bible verse for the wedding. Do you have any recommendations?
Gambling addiction is more prevalent that people realize. I wonder if psychology is getting better at treating that addiction?
Are cotton sheets, or silk sheets, warmer to sleep under?
Who was Picasso?
What are the differences between gas and charcoal grilling?
Why do Americans like guns so much?
What is a good family dog?
Does becoming good at a programming language require a strong math foundation?
How do I make a pumpkin pie for Thanksgiving dinner?
My earbuds are having problems where the sound is only coming out of one side. Do you have any advice on troubleshooting this issue?
If I like the show South Park, what other shows do you think I would enjoy?
I'm always interested in being a better listener. Do you have any tips on how to be a better listener?
How can I pretreat clothes for stains?
I'm trying to learn more about the Megadeth album Rust in Peace.
Why can't we digest gum?
Search for Mariah Carey best songs
My father-in-law is an avid golfer. What are some golf-related gift ideas I can use for him?
what can i do with old baby food jars?
I keep hearing this diesel truck driving by, do they get good gas mileage?
I'm having car troubles. When I start the car, even if it's been running for a while, the heater doesn't put out any heat.
How long can canned food last?
How can I make things easier on my children during a divorce?
How far away can the best hearing device pick up audio from?
Hey! How do I make my Kraft dinner creamier and cheesier?
Is it hard to learn to play the guitar?
is there a point in having a physical photo album anymore?
What are some good hot wings marinades?
Out of French, German, and Arabic, which is the easiest language for me to learn?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bubur Manado Tinutuan?
What is a kidney infection?
Which country is the most similar to the United States of America?
How can I get better at surfing?
should i go to los angeles or new york?
How do I sleep better without waking up through the night?
Why does lightning like to strike trees?
I need to put together a holiday playlist for a Christmas party. What do you recommend?
Why does my exhaust pipe smell so bad?
How do I install a second hard drive in my desktop computer?
Can you tell me a guide for learning basic Spanish for a traveler abroad?
Do you know of any tips that can help get me out of going to jury duty?
I am trying to learn Excel but I am struggling to comprehend all the formulas. Is there a better way of learning this software?
I need to plan a surprise birthday party. Can you give me some tips?
Can you tell me the recommended owner's maintenance schedule for a 2010 Toyota Corolla?
What is the best kind of dog food to feed a puppy?
I want to set up an outdoor area for watching sports events on a projector. will any projector work for this?
how do i learn to dance to hip hop?
How do you deal with a difficult landlord?
I'm trying to locate some contact information for someone
What is the meaning of life?
What are the main differences between capitalism and communism?
How do you use a vpn?
How do you politely decline when people keep asking favors?
How do I do a nerf gun war?
Is the world flat or round?
How do you debone the pin bones from a piece of fish filet?
Are there any planets that have oceans?
Is the rate someone biologically ages closely tied to their genetics?
I'd like to try to make ramen, but I don't really know anything about how. Can you help?
How do I know if I have anxiety?
Is going on a cruise a fun vacation?
Which superheroes are in the Avengers?
Know any good quote about parenting?
How can I grill catfish?
How do I cite my sources in an essay?
I'm trying to find out about sleep paralysis
Could your provide me with some exercises I could do to strengthen my legs.
What is taught in creationism versus evolution?
Do you like stories?
How can I better understand The Bible?
What are some good dishes with mushrooms?
Can you teach me how to make candles?
What's a good treatment for toenail fungus?
How does a car warranty work?
How do I do elf on a shelf?
I have to teach a child who the people are in a court. There are many different people working inside the court room, who are they? Can you help me identify them?
What's the easiest way to mince garlic?
what do i do about an anal fissure?
Why do humans have so much back pain?
What is the point of a drum circle?
I've been having nightmares lately where I'm being chased by something. What significance might this mean to my real life?
Should you wear layers in the winter to stay warm?
How did woodpeckers evolve to knock holes in wood to make their own nests? Why didn't other birds evolve this skill?
What type of dance is blues fusion
Why does it feel weird to reconnect with someone you haven't seen in awhile?
Why is mindfulness training recommended so much for people with mental health problems?
How can I find out if if there are any road closures in my area due to a storm?
What does wax on wax off mean?
What year was Bill Clinton the president?
Egyptologist Dr Joann Fletcher has so many great specials on Egypt. What are some of her favorite focus topics in ancient Egypt study?
How do I dye my hair red?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Malawah?
How can I make traps for game in the woods?
I'm trying to figure out an artist by using the lyrics. Are you able to help?
How does a company get added to the Nasdaq?
What time of the year is it best to hunt Deer in the state of Maryland?
I have some creaky and squeaky doors around the house. How do I make them quiet again?
How do I get screened for cancer?
How do I marry someone who lives in another country?
Can you help me to learn about some vegetarian dishes to cook on Thanksgiving? I want to be accommodating for all of my guests.
I'm like to learn to compose poetry, but I don't know where to begin. What are the mechanics of crafting poetry?
My partner just broke up with me and I need advice on how to move on
Is cabbage a good vegetable to eat? I've wondered if it has much nutrition.
What is the longest running Broadway show?
How long should a honeymoon be?
What are some good ways to make slime?
What are some ways to cook with ground beef?
How can I make a milkshake without a blender.
How do you make a mold of a kids' hand?
How do you keep a good credit score?
I have trouble falling asleep once I get in bed, is there anything that can help me fall asleep faster?
The tale of Isis and Osiris has been around for many millennia. What is the basic story of the two gods?
What is the best phone for an elderly person?
I'd like to learn a bit more about black holes and how they form. Can you help me out?
Hey AI, I'm trying to learn about crime statistics in L.A. Could you help me?
I'm buying winter camping gear and I'd like to know whether down or synthetic sleeping bags are warmer.
What is the best way to learn a new language?
Can you give me some tips on stopping ants from invading my home?
How do I properly fold clothes?
What is your chance at winning at a slot machine?
I am nervous about eating undercooked chicken breast. Can you tell me what the internal temperature needs to be for it to be "done"?
What year did World War II start?
I'm gonna list some foods and you tell me which wines you know they can be paired with. Are you ready?
Who were the members of The Eagles?
Do you like stories?
I'm thinking about moving to a new city in the U.S. Can you recommend one? I currently live in New York.
Why do people use VPNs
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
How big is the sun?
What is the best way to cook tofu?
What is the best way to reduce my trash or waste?
I want to put together a chair from Ikea. How should I do that?
Can you tell me the general guideline of cooking a whole fish?
Is there a way to get trees that don't need to be hand watered anymore?
How does a catalytic converter work?
How do I transition my child from one type of formula to another?
If you were human, what would you do for fun?
How do you convert jpg files to png?
I would like to learn more about the origins of the tooth fairy.
How do I prevent a headache when riding the metro?
Find the ingredients in pumpkin pie
Why do dogs walk in circles before pooping
What items should be in a first aid kit?
I want to scale Mount Everest. What steps should I take to prepare myself?
I love The Sopranos, and Michael Imperioli was great as Christopher. What has he been up to since The Sopranos?
Do you know any good jokes?
Can you help me find information for identifying gems that mined?
Can you help me learn how to convert Fahrenheit to Celsius?
How long does it take to oil fry a big turkey?
What is liver cancer?
How can I look up a doctor's practice to see if they are still in business?
How can I stop a bunion from growing?
What's the best and cheapest way to heat your home these days?
What things do I need to know to take care of a kitten?
I saw beautiful flowers when I visited Texas. They are called Bluebonnet, Who gave the flowers that name?
What is FAFSA?
How do you empty the spam folder in G-Mail?
Do you need a special license to drive a motorcycle?
Are there any good movies coming out in the beginning of 2022?
I want to make Kung Pao chicken. Can you help me?
How do I make chocolate chip cookies?
What are some good breakfast pastries?
Can you explain the differences between a gas range and an electric range?
What can I get for a kid who loves power rangers?
How do you get rid of water bugs in your home?
Can I give myself a manicure at home?
Can you tell me how to share a spotify song to Instagram?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Pata?
How do I make a taco salad?
What are relational databases?
What is there to do in Atlanta?
Hi, I'd like to convert to Judaism. Any ideas as to how I'd go about doing that?
Can you tell me cooking instructions for barbecuing chicken?
I want to buy new speakers for my stereo system since my old ones died. Which speakers are the best for listening to music?
Should you wear layers in the winter to stay warm?
Please describe the difference between Inc and LLC
Grandma is going on Medicare how does it work?
What is the major difference in governmental systems between the United States and China?
I love candy. Right now, I'm thinking of candy corn, even though I'm not a fan of it at all. But can you describe a bit of the history of candy corn?
I'm looking for resources for good mental health, can you help?
Does Chinese always have rice?
My new M1 macbook only has a charge capacity of 4382. Is this normal?
I want to have a movie night with a French theme. Can you recommend some popular French language movies?
How do I make a bow out of ribbon?
What are some unique ideas for Christmas tree decorations?
Can you tell me popular destinations to visit for the Chinese New Year celebration?
I'm trying to make spring rolls. Do you have a good recipe?
What are tips to win on ebay?
What are some common things that people collect as a hobby? I need the answer in a list format.
What are essentials for a first aid kit?
How do I throw a pool party?
I just adopted a pet dog. What are some good toys that I should get for it?
How can I have a conversation with my friend who I feel is drifting away?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shengjian Mantou?
I have heard of the concept of piagetian before but very briefly. What are the four stages described in Piaget approach?
Can you help me find tickets to Seaworld?
What are some easy Chinese American dishes I can make?
Please compile a list of Dolly Parton's most known accomplishments.
How many stars are there in the night sky?
What are some uses for rinse water from washing dishes? I want to conserve water for environmental reason.
Can you tell me a little bit about the origins of the Pashto language?
Can you take Aleve everyday for pain?
How do you remove corrosion from battery terminal?
What cheddar cheese is the best on the market in the US?
What were some of Nikola Telsas best inventions
What causes the bottom of pots and pans to turn black?
What is the difference between a first cousin and a second cousin?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Grilled Eggplant Parmigiana?
what can you tell me about the Russian Revolution of 1917?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Muufo?
What are the keyboard shortcuts to copy and paste?
How can I start living a more minimal lifestyle?
How do you get rid of the smell in your gym shoes?
I want to make my own strawberry jam, how can I do it?
Can you tell me information about what the Trump administration achieved in terms of environmental policy goals?
What is the worst way to die?
What are some classes that are generally offered at community centers for kids?
How do you become a contestant on a game show?
Hi! This week it has been difficult to enjoy relaxing, I feel guilty for laying down and not being productive
How can I get a tan in the winter?
The New York City Marathon was this past week. I'm curious about the history of the event, and what it's like?
I want to know how to download python
Is Corvette better than Porsche?
Can you tell me the basic things that Republicans believe in? What are their general political positions on topics?
I bought some cologne the other day and am wondering, are men and women attracted to different smells or is this just marketing?
I am writing about the tissue of the body
How can I make gluten free peach cobbler?
What is Goop?
why is my baby snoring?
Hi, I am trying to figure out how to use a compass. Can you help?
Why does skin color change depending on where you are descended from on Earth?
How do I clean a mirror without making streaks?
Can you describe the agriculture done at Machu Picchu?
How do I get my laundry to smell better?
I'm looking for a new desktop computer
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Revuelto de Gramajo?
I have an old blood stain on my jeans, is there a way to remove it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Xian Dou Jiang?
What are the odds of a parachute failure when skydiving?
How can I negotiate at a pawn shop?
What is the youngest age that someone can buy cigarettes in the USA?
What is dry cleaning?
Good afternoon! I'm trying to find out who sang the song "Chicken Fried"
Where do car companies get the idea for the colors they use on new cars?
How do you convert mp3 from the original bitrate to a different bitrate?
I'd like to do more exercising, but I don't want to have to buy any equipment like weights or bars. What exercises can I do without any equipment?
How are hotdogs made?
How do you know you are happy?
How do I train a puppy?
What is kidney failure?
How do I get jobs dressing up as a princess for childrens' parties?
How do mend a broken heart?
What language should I learn that is spoken worldwide?
Can you help me choose a breed of dog to get as a pet?
How can I grow my hair faster?
Who is the best singer in the last 100 years?
We always have leftover ham from holiday dinners. What are a few ways to use it up?
Figure out how to make french toast
What should you use to season meat when cooking?
Can you help me write my boss an email requesting vacation next week?
What are the pros and cons of eating eggs?
What should you talk about at a parent-teacher conference?
Who was the 4th president?
i always get so thirsty at night. why is that?
I want to go to Sedona. Do you have any information about the place?
What is your favorite color?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
How can I get better at painting?
How do I butcher a chicken?
Could you recommend me an exercise I could do to help with a bad knee?
how do i make cement stepping stones?
Can you tell me of uncommon ice cream and food pairings that are tasty?
What was the big scare behind Y2k?
As Thanksgiving is next week, what are you grateful for?
What are some gifts I could get my wife for our first anniversary?
If I go camping, what is a safe amount of water to bring per person per day?
Can you give me a list of substitute for sugar?
When was titanium first discovered?
What are the methods in which demagogues engage in?
I'm curious about some simple ways to save on gasoline? I've heard that taking anything heavy out of the car, may improve gas mileage.
How many Terminator movies are there?
What are the types of filament for a 3d printer?
I'm trying to find the lyrics to American Pie
Does a fat burner supplement give you energy when added to a smoothie?
How do you take your coffee?
How do I make a stuffed animal?
What are some relaxation techniques to do in the airport?
Why did oil-rich countries form OPEC?
I'd like to get a corn snake. Can you tell me about owning one?
I'm on the short side and I'm 20 years old. Is there any hope for me continuing to grow, or am I at my full size?
Can you print you own labels to mail packages?
How long is a senator's term in office?
Where is Buenos Aires?
Why did men wear wigs?
How can I improve my public speaking skills?
How do I become a transcriptionist?
If I like Jim Croce, what other artists would I like?
Where did the Snickers candy bar get it's name?
Is frozen yogurt actually yogurt, or is it just another type of ice cream?
Which type of saw is more effective at trimming the branches of a birch tree?
I want to know the steps of calculating assets
What are some chocolate-based desserts in French cuisine?
How do you get a tattoo removed?
what do i do if i bring home a new fish?
How do I get my child to stop losing their things they bring to school?
Did Harley Davidson start out as a bicycle company?
How do I remove blackheads from my face?
Can you tell me how shipping companies calculate how much it is to ship packages? I wanted to ship a 2 pound package at is was over 15 dollars.
What are some natural fertilizers i can make?
I'm going to the Netherlands and would like to learn a few common phrases in Dutch.
How can I log my daily physical activity to measure my fitness?
What is the Noble Peace Price?
My kid does not like to eat vegetables. How can I sneak some extra veggies into his meals?
What are some sweet things to mix with cream of wheat?
is there a way to stop my cat from shedding so much?
How do you adjust a computer monitor's color temperature?
What's better for hand warmth, mittens or fingered gloves?
My laptop keeps overheating even though I'm not performing any trying tasks. What can I do to troubleshoot this problem?
I want to know about the computer language Java.
I am trying to make crepes for breakfast for my girlfriend this morning but I have never made them before. Can you help me out?
How does Paypal work?
Can you hep me with a cocktail recipe that contains coffee?
What is a good credit score to apply for a house loan?
Can people install different operating systems on Apple computers like they can on PCs?
I want to buy a dog for my family but I have very young kids. Are certain breeds known to be better with kids?
I'd like to get some salt water fish but I am unsure how to clean the fish tank. Can you help me?
How do I train my cat who is being bad?
Does Chinese always have rice?
I've heard a goldfish has a very short-term memory. Are there cases like that with humans too? I mean not like of old age, but rather even when still at a younger age.
Are people who are constantly late, having mental health issues? How can you help someone maintain good boundaries with time?
How to make easy side money?
how do i get on jeopardy?
How do I make homemade tomato sauce?
what is the college in South Carolina?
Should you use a shampoo with a conditioner?
How do I build a birdhouse and what materials will I need?
Why didn't people treat cigarette smoke as poisonous back in the old days?
How much vitamin C, should you take daily, as a supplement? There's a lot of different statements on that.
Can you tell me how to find a comedy special on Netflix?
How can I keep rats away from my home
Why is almost everyone afraid of snakes?
I'm thinking about building a structure with bricks. I've been considering the grout. What types of grout are there? I wonder if one's better than the other.
Which tourist attractions should I visit in Spain?
Do people still get subscription magazines sent to them in the mail?
What are the best movies starring Jennifer Connelly?
What was the last hurricane in Florida in 2021?
How much training does it take to be a professional tuba player?
How do I prepare for my first time skydiving?
Where does Islam fall in a ranking of the world’s largest religion?
I've been really into conspiracy theories lately. Can you tell me about some lesser-known ones?
What can I buy for a model car collector?
What is a good piece of advice to tell my daughter who is going off to college?
how do i install a septic tank?
What are some good treats for my dog?
What are some unique or unusual toppings that I can add to a pizza?
I want to learn how to catch crabs
How do I make an easy Thai curry?
Do you have any cocktail recipes that originate from Spain?
how do i keep coyotes away from my chicken?
I want to know which companies are part of the Big Three. Do you know?
What can I do to reduce back pain?
Can you explain how sonar works?
Is a hamster a good pet for a kid?
I'm doing research on Coca-Cola. Can you help with a timeline of the product from inception?
How can I stay awake late at night?
who was the sixth president
Which type of bird makes for the best pet?
I’m trying to find a monthly subscription of gifts for my dog
I have to teach a 7 year old about decimals. How can I explain decimals?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tamuga?
Can the police shoot someone for running away from them?
What are some places in the Southwest that I should visit?
What should I pack to go camping?
What is the Statue of Liberty?
Why is my ac compressor not turning on in my car?
what are some toppings you can put on fruit to make it more fun?
How does GPS work?
I want to make corn tortillas. Do you have a recipe?
What are some fruits to aid in digestion for baby?
I need a recipe for hummus
What is the best way to store winter clothes when season is over?
How do you know what to recycle?
Is it ok for kids to drink flavored milk?
What are the intended use of snowshoes?
What can I consider if I want to become a Catholic priest?
Can you help me find the dates and event schedule of the Tucson Gem Show?
How do you know if you are entering menopause?
Are cheesecakes easy to make?
What are some tips as to how I can come up with a good title for an article?
I really like Italian dressing. Would you happen to have a recipe for making Italian dressing?
I have an old computer that I don't use much anymore. What are some things that I can do with an old computer?
How long is a senator's term in office?
Do you like stories?
What are the best running sneakers?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gallo Pinto?
What should I do about a disruptive neighbor?
How does it feel to be anxious?
How do I make a black bean burger?
What kind of light bulb will give me the biggest saving in energy cost?
Hi, I'm a fan of obscure B movies, and I've heard about a site called Cinemageddon, where many of those are available for free download, but I can't seem to use the site. Can you explain how to create an account there?
What is the most reliable news source for financial news?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Wambatu Moju?
What are the pros and cons of going on a vacation?
How do you refill the paper tray in a laser printer?
Can you tell me the methods used by planes to navigate before radar was invented?
How can I learn Russian easy?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Torshi Seer?
What would be the pros and cons of having x-ray vision?
Is it hard to learn to play the guitar?
During which historical or societal events should I absolutely avoid investing money.
i want to know how pearls are formed. Can you help me?
Are hairballs bad for cats? What if they don't seem to be coughing it up?
Can you negotiate at the flea market?
locate a good place to eat in Boston preferable local fare
I want to make white rice. Can you help me?
Hi, I need to start a fire, but I don't have matches, or a lighter. Can you give me any suggestions for how I could do this?
What do I do if I'm allergic to pollen?
What do you think about "cancel culture" and how it conflicts with the freedom of speech?
What can I do to reduce my risk of getting pneumonia
how can i organize my closet better? i share with my wife.
Hi, I hear dumbbell flies are a good chest exercise. Can you describe how to perform one?
Haven't heard from the band AC/DC in ages. What are a few of their big hits?
What are pros and cons of kids using crocs?
Should I choose an ipad or android tablet for my kids?
How much of my money should I invest in the stock market?
Are candles or air fresheners better to keep your home smelling good?
Hi, I just graduated from high school, and my lifelong dream is to become an astronaut. What do I need to do going forward, to make that happen?
How do I buy a mansion?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn how to say "I'm allergic" in a few languages. Can you help me?
what is a good present to get for a college graduate?
How can I tell if my vision is getting worse?
what are some traditional practices i can observe on chinese new year?
When should I mail a Christmas card to make sure it gets there before Christmas?
What are dividends?
What are places I should visit in Nairobi?
Hi, I have an invitation to go horseback riding with some friends next weekend. Can you explain the basics of riding a horse, so I don't get hurt or embarrass myself?
Can you tell me how to make banana bread?
How much should I charge for dog sitting?
I have a hard time ever feeling like I've disappointed someone. Because of this, I agree to almost anything someone asks of me—to go somewhere I really am not interested in, to help out with something I don't have time for, to loan money when I can't afford it, that sort of thing. How do I say "no" without feeling terrible about doing so?
How many times should one brush his or her teeth daily?
Why did the temperature drop 30 degrees today
I would like to get a dog but do not want a breed that has too much energy or require an active owner.
What do I do if I think my gums are infected?
How long has the Young & the Restless been on?
What is a good songbird to buy?
Did humans evolve from monkeys?
What is google classroom used for?
What are pros and cons of electrical cars?
I've just started learning Spanish online, but I'm having trouble with the vocabulary. Can you recommend any resources or techniques?
Why are dogs so loyal and happy to see their owners?
Can you recommend a good novel to read?
Foxes are beautiful, but I hear they make bad pets. Wonder why?
What is the most famous brand in board games?
What are some vegetables I can add to a quesadilla?
What can I do with the boxes I get from Amazon?
I want to bake my friend some Christmas cookies, but she is highly gluten intolerant. What would be the best cookies for me to make her?
How can I whiten my teeth safely?
What season does George die in greys anatomy
What are some activities I can have at a pool party?
How do I write an apology email?
I have been gaining weight and want to start exercising. How should I begin?
What are beautiful places I should visit in the world?
Someone gave me a bamboo plant as a gift. How do I take care of it?
Should you dye your hair at home?
Hey! My husband has been having a hard time finding work lately and I'm having a hard time knowing how to support him. I try to give him positive praise and encouragement, but he dismisses me. I try to send him jobs and he says that he doesn't want to do that type of work. How do I support him through this tough time and loss of confidence?
Can you explain to me what the "uncanny valley" refers to?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken and Mushroom Vol au Vent?
Is it still customary to send flowers to a funeral?
Are there cameras available that are larger than full frame?
Why do leaves change color in the fall?
Should I go to Bora Bora or Hawaii?
Animal Farm by Orwell, was quite a dark tale. I'm curious about how the author came up with the book.
I'm throwing a pizza party for my 10 year old son. Can you make sure I'm prepared?
Out of French, German, and Arabic, which is the easiest language for me to learn?
I never go to the snow but just in case I ever find myself experiencing frostbite, how can I treat it?
I know people like eating cookie dough, but that can give you salmonella. How do I make edible cookie dough?
Can you walk me through how to make a makeshift splint for a leg I injured in the backcountry?
Do feral cats need to eat everyday or do they skip days?
Can you help me write a haiku poem about my cat?
How can I organise the tasks and events in my life so I don't forget about them?
What do FBI agents do?
How can I make my dog stop barking when it hears a car outside?
What are some strange food combinations people eat?
Can you tell me about how Japan managed to recover from getting nuked? How long did it take? Did America help?
Where can I learn to write a speech?
We're thinking about getting a log-burner for our house, but not sure if that's the right open for our home.
How do I take care of a lawn?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
Is it important to attend University of College after school?
What did people do to keep food fresh before refrigerators?
What are some ways I can build upper body strength?
What is the difference between android 9 and android 11?
How can I get a six pack after turning 40?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn how to say "I'm allergic" in a few languages. Can you help me?
Why does my exhaust pipe smell so bad?
how can i keep my house warm in the winter?
I want to visit Egypt. What is it famous for?
How can I calculate percentages fast?
I"m looking to get a nice warm baseball cap for wintertime. What sort of materials should I be looking for?
I've heard that Native Americans had their own version of "bigfoot" sightings in the Americas, which is to say a lage human-like ape creature. What do you know about this?
Why is North America economically much better than South America?
How can I make a flower crown?
is it ok to celebrate a child's birthday a few weeks later?
Someone gave me a bunch of fresh zucchini. I would hate for it to go to waste. Do you have any helpful ideas on ways I can cook it?
What are some good proposal ideas
How do I become a preschool teacher?
Which bands are similar to Eluveitie?
I'm going to be hosting a party this Friday night. What's some good dance music that I can play?
I've just started learning Spanish online, but I'm having trouble with the vocabulary. Can you recommend any resources or techniques?
What is the best way to discipline my kids?
What is graphic design?
What should you use your emergency fund for?
What are some ways I can improve my golf swing?
I love the movie Dirty Dancing. Where was it filmed?
How do I learn about constellations?
What are some signs that a tree is dying? A tree in my yard has white stuff on its leaves, and I'm thinking that is a sign.
how do i know when water is boiling?
At what age do most people need glasses?
Can you tell me the general steps of staining unfinished wood?
How do I keep my kids from screaming all the time?
Can you provide a recipe for a classic mint julep cocktail?
Do you have any tips for how to get rid of blackheads?
What are some cakes I can make with fruit?
What does a guidance counselor do?
How do you get a free email address?
What does it mean to be 'a jack of all trades'?
What is the meaning of life?
What are some good shows about Hollywood news I can watch?
Should you plant a lilac bush in shade, full sun, or partial shade?
I've been drinking a lot of coffee lately, and would like to change the drink. I've heard that tea is better for you, is it true?
I want to make a chocolate cake. Can you help me?
What kind of headphones are best for the ear?
What are some good things to do when bored?
Where is Melania Trump originally from?
How do I make electronic music?
I love roller-coasters! Where is one of the best!
How can I wipe fingerprints off my tv screen without scratching or damaging the screen?
Do doctors get PTSD from treating patients?
What is the Fermi paradox?
I'm curious to learn the history of photography. Can you provide information about when the camera was first invented?
Do doctors get PTSD from treating patients?
Is celery a very nutritious vegetable? I've been considering adding to my diet.
How do you get rid of water weight?
Can you tell me if Nutria are native to North America?
Marilyn Monroe had a few marriages. Who was her most famous husband, or two?
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
What food can I take to an office party?
What does having too much salt in your diet do to you?
What is the rarest metal on Earth?
I want to learn about scary bacteria and viruses. But first, would you explain to me the differences between the two/
How do I screen print a tshirt?
I'm trying to decide what I want to do with my degree when I graduate from college. i don't know what job would be best for me
What things can I do when I am bored and home alone?
What are the medicinal properties of chamomile?
Have there been any definite studies that have shown whether or not caffeine is good for you or not?
How can I create a desert garden in my backyard?
I need to get vaccinated for the flu this year but I'm not sure where to do that. Can you tell me the closest place that I can get the vaccination?
What is the meaning of life?
Can animals have mental disorders like humans do? Can a dog, for example, be mentally challenged?
I want to start snowshoeing. What do I need to know?
Is learning to ride a skateboard easy?
Can you provide me some details on the Bombing of Libya?
Why are there so many types of cats?
How should I prepare my succulents for the winter in Canada?
How do I set up a neighborhood easter egg hunt?
Can you explain to me what Trompe-l'œil is?
I'd like to learn a new language, but I don't know where to start. Are there any helpful apps that guide people into learning new languages?
What kind of exercises can help me avoid heart disease?
What are the different houses in Astrology?
What is the difference between a KN95 mask and an N95 mask?
I've heard a lot about RSS feeds but I have no idea what they are. Can you explain them to me?
Who are some of the best renaissance artists?
How can I keep my passwords safe?
how do i get my employees to be more productive?
How should I teach my son about mathematics? He's ten years old.
How do you monetize your blog?
One of the zippers on my jacket broke and I don't know how to fix it. Can you point me in the right direction?
What would be a good national park for a warm vacation during the winter in the US?
What is the best way to skin a trout?
Are there any big advantages to homeschooling my kids? What are the test scores like compared to kids going to regular school?
What are bath bombs
I want to teach my kids how to knit.
What does a full scholarship mean?
How can I make a room look bigger?
I'm coming up on my 10th anniversary with my husband. Can you tell me what the traditional gift is?
You are a grammar expert who helps non-native speakers. Given a sentence, you correct it so it becomes correct grammar for American English. Example Original: I has two dogs. dog have 4 legs. dog run fast Corrected: I have tow dogs. They have 4 legs, and they run fast. Original: i from denmark its a country up north where it is cold and dark for sigs month then hot and light for sigs mont
How do you care for an iguana?
What does a one hit wonder mean?
Find Naomi Scott movies
Get butternut squash soup recipe
Are candles or air fresheners better to keep your home smelling good?
who invented baseball?
What are ways to avoid acne?
How do I keep my white clothes looking bright?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cameroonian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Egusi Soup with Cabbage?
Hi, I'm interested in playing rugby. Can you explain the rules of the game to me?
How do I prevent the formation of ice dams on my roof?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore
Is there any evidence cell phones can cause brain tumors, infertility or any other problems with their various signals?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some fruit-related words in the language.
How do you apply for a personal loan?
I want to try making homemade ice cream. What equipment do I need for this?
My family wants to do an easter egg hunt this year. Can you explain what that is?
I have a friend who is always stressed, scattered and seemingly annoyed with someone or something. She has a very negative outlook on life and it is exhausting to spend time with her. I want to be less involved with her but I don't know how to gently push her away without hurting her feelings.
Is 'tense' part of English grammer?
What clothing can prevent heat loss when working outdoor during winter?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Zrir?
I wonder why we don't eat horse meat the same way we eat cow?
Can you get Black Friday deals online or only in stores?
Can you tell me about the earth's moon?
What does it mean when a baby animal imprints?
How do you test continuity on a wire?
what are some ideas for a halloween party?
If someone is a big fan of the books of Dostoevsky, which other authors might they like?
Can you recommend a movie that was released this year that I can watch at the cinema?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some fruit-related words in the language.
How can I comfort a child whose cat has died?
How do I know if I have asthma?
I always hear people talk about room temperature. But, what temperature is the most comfortable to have while inside?
I'm going on vacation to a ski resort. What should I expect?
I need more information on how World War 1 started. How did it start and what countries were directly involved in starting the war?
Are alkaline or lithium batteries better?
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
I've heard of Reddit, but I don't know what it is. Can you explain it?
Can anyone learn to play hockey?
I was thinking about watching some classic movies. Can you suggest anything popular by Robert Redford?
I have a toothache and the dentist can't see me for another 3 days. What can I do?
How do I come out to my family?
Can I give myself a manicure at home?
How does CGI work?
Hey! I need some support to get through my fear of abandonment and not being good enough.
I would like to learn how to make a coffee cake from scratch.
Who is the best singer in the last 100 years?
Where does the smoky flavor on barbeque meat come from?
Which foods should I bring for a picnic?
Can you help me learn how to make a strudel from scratch?
What are some artists I might enjoy if I like Billy Eilish?
Can you explain to me how wine is made organically?
How do I become a school bus driver?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
What's the difference between a brown bear and a black bear?
Search for ham and cheese quiche recipe
Who is the best cast member of Monty Python?
How can I make my eyes look whiter?
What are ways I can volunteer at my church?
How do I prevent moths from eating clothes?
Can you give me some information about the passover holiday?
How do I lose weight?
How do I get rid of underarm fat?
Search for butternut squash soup recipe
I'm going to have a new niece soon. Can you recommend me any baby gives I should buy for my sister?
How often should I shower my hair?
Hello, I am trying to find out what it means to be a good person
How can I motivate my child to do chores?
Is mining for any material still done in England?
I've recently retired and want to get involved in something I can do from home as I'm getting a little bored. My neighbour has started trading forex online and says he makes good money doing very little. Is this something I could start doing too?
Is tubing fun for kids?
What period of art was Van Gogh in?
How do I check for lice?
How did early man navigate the oceans without GPS?
How do you use the self-clean feature on an oven?
How can one treat a jellyfish sting?
My girlfriend wants to be able to keep her tan looking good through the winter months. How can she go about doing that?
I want to plan a Halloween party. Do you have any ideas?
Can you help explain the differences to me between dogs and wolves?
how do i make a kids' climbing wall?
How do I sell Avon?
What are dividends?
Can you tell me which US cities have the largest tech sector currently?
How often should you change your socks?
How can I get better at playing chess?
Search for Gene Wilder movies.
Can you tell me what the advantages of journaling are?
Can you give me one or two songs that were popular by Amy Winehouse?
I'm really hungry and it's late at night. What's a good protein filled snack I can eat?
I'm trying to build a fire in Fall in the Pacific Northwest and so much of the wood is damp. What can I do?
How do I become an elementary school teacher?
What age should kids begin trick or treating?
I need some recommendations on TV shows that are similar to Scrubs, can you provide me some?
ET the Extra-Terrestrial, directed by Steven Spielberg, was a great flick. I'm curious about how Spielberg wrote the movie, where he got the ideas?
What are some ideas to prepare lambchop.
Who was the unibomber?
What is Poshmark?
What are pros and cons of wearing sandals?
I have a pimple on my nose. I have an important event tonight and it is glaringly obvious. What can I do?
How many NBA Championships did Michael Jorden win when he played for the Chicago Bulls?
Should I feed pigeons?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chorizo Chuquisaqueño?
Any tips on how to improve energy level in the afternoon?
How do I make a taco salad?
My older brother keeps telling people his favourite number is 69
Hi, my bathtub is starting to develop dark stains that I think are mold. Can you give me some suggestions for cleaning it off?
what sort of car can i get for a family of six?
Who did Joni Mitchell date from Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young?
What is the best lock for your front door?
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the work of Alice Cooper. Can you help me put together a playlist of his best songs, and albums, so that I can do that?
What are some attractions on native american reservations that I should visit?
I'm trying to get inspired to workout and I want to put together a workout playlist. Do you have any suggestions?
What are some of Mozart's best musical pieces?
What is the safest state to drive a car in?
What things should I include in a fish aquarium?
How do you keep from getting depressed?
What are some relaxing songs or relaxing types of music?
I was thinking that it might be fun to make a time capsule with my kids. How would I do that?
I want to visit Yogyakarta in Indonesia. Can you tell me about this city?
What is an alternator in a car?
How do you remove sweat stains from white clothes?
What can I see in the French countryside?
I'm looking for a new SUV. Do you have any recommendations?
Why do words like Pneumonia and pneumatic have a silent 'p'?
Do flea collars work?
A bacon cheeseburger recipe
What cosmetics do people use to reduce wrinkles?
I need to figure out how to get to California from Iowa and I am a bit navigationally challenged. Can you help?
Is it easy to become addicted to caffeine?
Can you explain the process of getting a bill passed in Congress? Does a bill start in the House first, or Senate?
I'd like to learn about the Bible in a fun and informative way. Are there any YouTube channels that teach the bible?
What can I do about stinky shoes?
What is a 401k?
The harmonica is an old instrument. What's the history of it?
I hear a lot about patriarchal things nowadays. What are some examples of matriarchal societies?
What are some good ice breakers for my students?
One famous opera, is Delibes Lakme. Can you tell me a bit about the plot?
Why was it so hard to build the Panama Canal?
What does historical district mean?
What are some rappers that are similar to Aesop Rock?
Is the Bahamas a good place to take a vacation?
Can you help me find a pair of jogging pants that are breathable?
What is the best time to water outdoor plants? Is it better in the morning or late at night?
Tell me how to cook a sunny side up egg
I've heard that women prefer chocolate and men prefer eating meat. Is there a scientific reason for this?
What are some national parks that would make a great family road trip in the west coast?
What are the benefits of getting more vitamin c?
I'm trying to get tickets to Saturday Night Live on December 5th. Can you help?
What are the best places to get falafel in Palo Alto?
What are some good countries in Asia to bring my kids to visit?
I'm taking a trip to Paris and would like to learn a few common French phrases.
How can I learn to punch harder? I am already pretty fit but feel that I am lacking in technique.
What is the best way to make a grilled cheese sandwich?
How much is too much to pay for house cleaning for a 2BR apartment in San Francisco
How can I ripen green tomates?
Is waxing good for hair removal?
My waterproof jacket shell keeps wetting out. Is this normal?
What time of the year do caterpillars turn into butterflies?
i am trying to write a blog about 'why we need to rethink the way we build skills for todays economy'. Can you help me?
Could you explain to me how sunscreen protects your skin from the sun?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ain Sbanioria?
What are some good crock pot asian ideas?
Can you help me find popular New Year's Eve destinations?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Burbur Ayam?
I'm trying to get advice for somebody who is pregnant for the first time. What should I expect?
How do I improve my home decor while being on a tight budget?
My son hates studying for his spelling tests. What are some fun ways to help him study his words?
What does it mean when someone is upset with you?
How can I help my child get over their fear of the dark?
I'm trying to get into shape. What are some good cardio activities I can do?
Why do our stomachs rumble when we are hungry
How should I inspect a used car before I buy it?
Why do some people live in the past
How do you avoid getting zapped by static electricity?
Is it possible to distill my own whiskey at home?
How cold does it get in Alaska?
How do you get water out of your phone?
What's a good salad recipe with strawberries in it?
Can you explain to me why many cities in California have Spanish sounding names?
How do I check what version of Windows 10 I'm using?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Makai?
Can you tell me when the first Super Bowl was held?
What are some nice historic places to visit in Germany?
What web browser is considered the best at the moment?
What are some interesting things I can add to a grilled cheese sandwich?
Does it usually snow in November in the Northeast?
who are some good renaissance painters?
What is the highest paying job in the United States?
Can you play GTA on a mobile phone now?
How do I open gifv files?
I'm not sure I want to have children because of the associated costs. I don't really know how to approach this subject with my partner without sounding selfish or overly frugal.
Why did the South surrender in the civil war?
Does Google's mission statement really say to not do evil?
Can you help me to understand why the sunset time changes every day?
How do I make clam chowder?
Who is Jennifer Anniston?
How do I understand a court document?
What is the best time of the year to plant tomatoes?
Can you tell me what happened in the 2008 stock market crash? What caused it?
What are some of Tom Hank's best movies?
Should I use Skype or Zoom for making video calls?
My best friend is getting married and I am her maid of honor. I have to write a speech about her and I would like it to be witty. Can you help?
Where is mount everest located?
What are some Playstation 2 games that are good for kids?
How do I remove a label from a bottle?
What makes gold so expensive?
I think I might need my wisdom teeth removed, but I'm nervous about the surgery. Do dentists use localized or general anesthesia for wisdom teeth removal?
I need some recommendations on TV shows that are similar to Scrubs, can you provide me some?
Can you give me some advice about reducing an allergic reaction to house dust mite?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Biltong?
What should I do if I suspect I have food poisoning?
How many lightyears away is the closet planet outside of our solar system?
What do you know about the empire state building?
I have an infection and I'm coughing up green phlegm. What are these symptoms of?
How do I play I Spy?
How do I keep my eyebrows neat?
What should I do to link my credit card to my Paypal account?
How do I get my child to stop drinking milk in the middle of the night?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz Caldo?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for chimichurri?
Should I send my child to a private school or a public school?
Can you help me find an awd car near me?
I've appreciated the perspective of director Werner Herzog. He has some amazing movies.
What is the best foods that are low in carbs
I'm trying to teach myself to fall asleep faster. Are there any methods on what I can do?
What is the best way to make a grilled cheese sandwich?
How do I remove rust from my car?
Hello. Are you any good at recommending books?
How do I make vegetarian chili?
probably not
I want to find other movies like The House Jack Built, do you have any suggestions?
How should you cut a dogs nails?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
Do you happen to have a recipe for a mai tai with white rum in it?
What type of sunscreen is needed in Cabo San Lucas?
How does a light bulb work
What is a good tea to go with an English Muffin?
Hi, I'm babysitting my little cousin, and he's having a tantrum. I'm worried he'll destroy something, or hurt himself - how do I deal with the tantrum?
I'd like to become a world famous writer. Any suggestions on how to get there?
I want to learn more about the Judas Priest album Painkiller.
I want to teach someone verb tenses. Can you explain to me the different kinds of verb tenses that exist?
Can you describe the steps or rules of adding decimals
How do I claim a dependent on my 1040 tax form?
If I'm a US citizen, how can I visit Cuba?
Do you have a pulse
I just got a pool and want to throw a pool party. Can you give me tips?
How can I strengthen bladder muscles?
How do I fix a flat tire?
What year did the PlayStation launch in North America?
Can you give me instruction for waxing a car?
What should I do if my kitchen sink is clogged?
There is a huge buildup of ice in my freezer. Why is this happening?
How long has the conventional drum set, been used, in music?
How can you help someone that has ADD, what are some general tips?
How many city blocks is one mile?
I'm having an issue with my cats fighting. Can you help?
I'm trying to learn more info about the Appetite for Destruction album by Guns N' Roses.
How do I write effective tweets?
Should you carry tools in the car in case of an emergency?
Help! My dog got sprayed by a skunk!
How can I overcome a fear of death so I can take some more chances?
My dog has some scabs on his back. What could be causing these?
Can you tell me about red dye in foods and why people say it is harmful?
I'd like to comfort a friend who recently broke her ankle. She lives far away from me, but I know she's frustrated.
do you how can I connect my laptop to a monitor?
Covid 19 has been really bad for the world. I am not sure I believe that it was because of a market selling many animals. Where did Covid 19 come from?
How do I teach a child to dress themselves?
What is the best programming language for scrapping data in text files?
What is the average price of an Airbnb rental in Atlanta?
Who is Barbra Streisand?
How is Gouda processed?
Are Cane toads native to the united states?
Which foods should I have for a large group at a cookout?
What does the Kiwanis do?
What should I do if there are bees flying around outside my house?
What kind of activities can I do at a party for a child who loves unicorns?
Are there any health benefits to not eating gluten?
What are some fun activities for kids who love puzzles?
what are traditional thai foods?
What is a car boot sale?
I am bored with the restaurants I go to. Can you help me find an interesting type of cuisine to try?
How do I make a pet rock?
What are some interesting flavorings i can mix with my beef patties?
How can I explain how to remember facts for a test to my 10 year old?
What are some of Vincent Price's best movies?
How can I cut a grass without a lawn mower?
how do i care for a turtle?
What are some things I can put in my soup for a crunch?
What is the story of Thanksgiving?
Why does copper have anti micro bacterial properties?
I am going back to football fellas or ladies or whatever. Cincinnati looks to be a BCS playoff team if they win against ECU tomorrow night and then beat Houston in the AAC title game. They would be the 4 seed at the least. Should I place a bet for them to be in the BCS playoffs in two weeks? It's up to the BCS pollsters.
What is the best way to cook tofu?
Why do the old Roman buildings have so many pillars all over the place?
I'd like to start baking my own bread. How do I get started?
Can you help me with some tips for improving my intelligence?
I would like to know how GPS works.
How do I keep from bawling my eyes out in an emotional situation?
When was Pizza Hut founded?
Why is the Empire State Building famous?
How do you sterilize wash clothes and bath towels?
I want to learn how to make French food. Do I need to go to a cooking school?
I need to know how long it would take to travel from Maryland to Michigan by car.
How do I get my child to sit still at the dining table?
How can I make a fort with pillows, blankets and furniture?
Why do some people think that wearing a mask to keep from spreading Covid is an infringement on their rights as Americans?
How do home vacuums work?
What's a good way to ask a girl out?
Is it possible to make money by working from home?
What are some things I can make with raspberries?
What are the side effects of a tummy tuck?
Do you know how much money, on average a AAA video game takes to make?
How long does it usually take to take the BAR exam?
Hi! I'm trying to celebrate my dog's fourteenth birthday and need some party planning help.
How can I talk like a newscaster?
How do I get my child to get faster at addition facts?
What is the correct way to mow the lawn?
Is Australia a nice place to take a vacation?
How long can I wait to get pregnant?
I'm getting a little bored with my usual breakfast routine. What are some fun and unique breakfast ideas?
Hi, I'm making pumpkin pie for this Thanksgiving dinner, or I'm supposed to. Can you give me a good recipe so that I can do it well?
What are some of the best movies directed by Tim Burton?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nasi Padang?
what are some fun experiments to do with kids involving color?
Are there less labor unions now than there were in the 70s?
How do you find your ancestry?
Hello, I am trying to find out if aliens are real. Can you help?
How do I improve my heart rate?
My mom makes some money doing secret shopping jobs. What exactly is secret shopping?
How do I keep my mouth clean after a tooth extraction?
Can you give me a recipe for french toast?
how do i teach kids to make a leprechaun trap?
I always wondered what Charlie Daniels background was, for playing the violin or the fiddle. Do you know where he got his training, or where he started musically?
My dog peed on the couch and left a stain, is there an easy way to remove it?
How can I make homemade peanut butter?
How can I make a living as a musician?
How do I detail my car?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken and Mushroom Vol au Vent?
Do you know any knock-knock jokes
I have a round face. What kind of haircut is good for me? I'm a woman.
What is the average price of an Airbnb rental in Atlanta?
How much does a human consume food in a year?
Is Spanish a good language to learn? Why?
Is it good to use training wheels on a bicycle for a kid or should you just teach them to ride a bike right away?
I'm travelling abroad and need to know how to say "help me" in a few languages. Can you help me?
What is the best way to make a grilled cheese sandwich?
What is Poshmark?
What does the Salvation Army do?
How do I decrease my power bill?
Why is Chernobyl still radioactive? Will anyone ever be able to live there again?
When should I plant my grass seed?
I would like to learn about lucid dreaming.
What's the most used wood, for building modern furniture? Oak seems popular.
I need help building my resume. What are some good skills that look good on a resume?
what are some countries in asia i should visit?
I have been gaining weight and want to start exercising. How should I begin?
I'd like to learn how to use Wordpress to set up a new website. Can you help?
what is a good 8 passenger car?
What do I buy a girl who loves disney princesses?
how do i stop myself from saying bad words?
How can I discover new music on spotify?
how do i use a breast pump?
How do I break it to my child that his grandpa passed away?
At what age do girls need bras?
Is Business Administration a good career?
Find a blueberry pancake recipe
Do you think NFT's will become more popular in 2022?
Did all cowboys in the wild west carry guns?
should i pay cash for a car or get it in payments?
How do you take a screenshot on an Android phone?
What are the top five punk rock bands?
Hey! I'm looking for ways to improve my confidence. Do you have any suggestions?
I want to know more about Egyptian methodology.
Should you adopt a dog from a shelter?
What items should I bring when going camping?
I want to learn German. How should I start?
Can you teach me how to make homemade lemonade? I want to be able to teach my son this recipe.
I got stung by a bee for the first time just now. What should I do?
How do I get ride of lice?
What year did George W. Bush become president of the Untied States?
What languages do they speak in Finland?
How do I baby-proof a house?
What is the Upper House related to the Legislative branch of the US Government?
What should I serve with stuffed peppers?
I would like to learn more about Theodore Roosevelt.
what are ways to make money online from writing?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
What is macular degeneration?
Are there any health benefits to not eating gluten?
What are the origins of Valentine's Day?
How can I get my child to get ready for a spelling test?
I'm planning on investing on cryptocurrency, what type of cryptocurrency is the best these days?
How do I keep dust off my entertainment center?
What are places to visit in Philadelphia?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for La Dame Blanche?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Maní?
how do i learn to eat spicy foods
I'm going to visit the US. Would you recommend the east or west coast first?
How do you wax a car?
Were horses expensive in medieval times?
How do I cut my own bangs.
What does a blue moon mean?
How can I improve my putting in golf?
what can i put on my bagel?
I've heard that dew on the ground, usually means good weather will be happening. Is that true?
Do you have any advice for how I can deal with annoying family at thanksgiving dinner?
How can I make chow mein?
My car is falling apart and I need to buy a new one. I have five kids and a very messy wife. I need to look professional for my job though. What type of car would be best for this?
What is a simple way of getting kids to eat their veggies?
I am trying to learn Excel but I am struggling to comprehend all the formulas. Is there a better way of learning this software?
I'm planning to make vegetable fried rice for the first time. Can you help me?
Can you give me some tips on how to clip my cat's claws?
What are some fun activities to do with older adults?
Can the police shoot someone for running away from them?
I noticed how most male mammals are larger than their female counterparts, and I'm wondering what animal species there are where that's reversed, and the females are larger than the males.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pecora in cappotto?
How do you refill the paper tray in a laser printer?
How do I stop a baby from crying?
Do you have any suggestions for how I can strengthen my immune system?
What are the differences between a migraine and a regular headache?
What are some ways to cook with ground beef?
Is a French bulldog a good pet?
What is malware?
I've enjoyed books by Stephen King in the past. What are some of his top books?
What are some thoughtful mothers day phrases I can say to my mom?
How many years does heavy daily drinking cut off from your life expectancy?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken Shawarma?
Sometimes after a long and stressful day at work I like to relax and unwind by watching tv. Are there any feel-good shows you could recommend?
What’s a good idea for a first date?
What can I use to get a red wine stain out of my shirt?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore
How do I make a margarita?
How can I become more assertive
Can you read my palm?
Which gifts should I avoid giving to people during Christmas?
Do you think you can tell me how the black plague started?
It seems like people are so divided by politics nowdays, has it always been this bad?
How long should I bake a cake?
Hi, I want to start incorporating plyometric exercises into my workout, starting with push ups. Can you explain how to do a plyometric clap push up?
I want to make a chocolate cake. Can you help me?
Search for a loaded cauliflower recipe.
What are some cute cartoon dogs?
What are some expensive foods that I can order at a restaurant?
When is the best time to visit Scotland?
How should I organize my closet?
Can you teach me how to play chess?
How many moons exist within our galaxy?
Do you think you can tell me how to deep fry a turkey?
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
Are anti gun laws good?
What is the Army reserves?
What are some healthy late night snacks that I can eat?
I want to know the order of the planets in the solar system, starting with the planet nearest the sun.
I'm thinking about building a garden in my back yard. Can you help with some tips and recommendations?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baozi?
How do you report cash income to the IRS?
What does a CEO do?
How can I plant garlic?
what can i eat peanut butte ron?
what do i do about my little nephew who always strips off his clothes?
What do I do if there is a bee hive in my yard?
Is loud music bad for the health?
Do you know who the first superhero was?
Do you like stories?
How do I set up a home theater?
How do polar bears survive in such a cold environment?
How much time do I need to spend outside to get enough vitamin D?
How can I heal a wound faster?
I have trouble sleeping because of restless leg syndrome. Can you help me understand it a little better?
Is an astronaut a rewarding career?
I'm thinking about becoming a vegan, do you think it's a good idea?
how do i make biscuits?
How do I make vodka mojitos?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Zaatar Crusted Gefilte Fish?
Let's talk about Michael Jackson. How old was he when he died?
What are comfortable materials to wear in the winter?
How do I sanitize a toothbrush?
Could you provide me steps on making a strawberry pie?
what are some places i can visit in detroit?
How do you house train a dog?
What are some popular EDM music artists?
I'm trying to locate some contact information for someone
Does The Beatles still sell a lot of albums today?
What does statute of limitations mean?
Hey! How do I level up as a person?
Will Arnett is a great actor, and has a lot of voiceover work too. What are some of his biggest and most famous works?
What languages are spoken in Japan?
How do I make a sling shot?
How do you take care of and clean a pair of leather boots?
What are the odds that Kansas will overtake Kentucky in all time NCAA men's basketball wins this year? I am sure there is a betting line on that somewhere.
How do mend a broken heart?
Which one is the largest American state by area?
I would like to learn some information about Dungeons and Dragons.
I'm planning to travel to the Philippines, what are the facts of the Philippines that can you provide?
Do you know about the Men in Black?
What does N.A.T.O. actually do?
What is a good way to teach my 11 year old son how to play checkers?
What do I do if I have holes in my jeans?
Ron Howard is a famous director. I'm curious about how he got started as an actor?
What are caramelized onions?
Is Harvard University a public or private university?
How do you put a bicycle chain back on after it slipped off the gear?
How can I treat calluses on my feet?
What is media mail through the USPS?
My best friend is getting married and I am her maid of honor. I have to write a speech about her and I would like it to be witty. Can you help?
What are some funny movies for kids?
I love candy. Right now, I'm thinking of candy corn, even though I'm not a fan of it at all. But can you describe a bit of the history of candy corn?
What's the best career path for someone with the INFP personality type?
How can I get better at painting?
What can you tell me about the industrial revolution?
Why do some people decide to stop eating meat and become a vegetarian?
When did people first start glass blowing?
What is alfredo sauce?
Who is the best cast member of Monty Python?
What skills do I need to be a bartender?
What do I do? My baby keeps reaching for the electricity outlets.
I've heard that the flu vaccine was just released for this year. I'm young and healthy so how important is it for me to get it?
I have to write a report for school about the greatest home run hitters in baseball history. Can you tell me who hit the most home runs in Major League Baseball history?
I want to go camping alone in the wilderness. What tools do you recommend I bring?
What is a good exercise app?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pholourie?
I want to know which show is the highest-grossing production on Broadway?
Is Facebook the best social media?
I'm trying to learn more about the comedian Larry David.
How do I pick out my signature perfume scent?
What is the meaning of life
What is Homeland Security?
What are some cool things to do in Cincinnati ohio?
What are some suggestions on how to break the ice in a conversation?
Hello! Do you know anything about how to get famous and make money on youtube?
Who is considered the best basketball player of all time and why?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Garri?
Hi, I'm trying to train my dog to roll over. Can you help me do that?
What month is the US Open played in?
How do I learn to be better at sketching?
What are some educational websites with free learning or free courses?
What are some good games I will enjoy if I like Minecraft?
What kind of calculator should I use for calculus?
What is the latest at night I should drink coffee?
How do I get my kids to quit complaining when I ask them for help?
Hello, I am trying to find a famous windmill in Holland. Can you help?
I need a movie recommendation
was babe ruth black
How can I become a chef?
I'm buying a new car and I've been told to avoid black or white cars because dirt shows up on them so easily. Do you have any opinions on that?
Are there less labor unions now than there were in the 70s?
I'm looking to buy my first home. Can you tell me about the different types of mortgages?
What do I do if I get a reaction from poison ivy?
Who was the first explorer to circumnavigate the globe?
Is using the microwave harmful?
How can I paint a sunset with watercolors?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad Thai?
What is a bath bomb?
Are there Mormons practicing outside of Utah?
I'd like to try to make ramen, but I don't really know anything about how. Can you help?
I have to come up with alliterations specifically within the subject of the ocean. So organisms found in the ocean or things related to the ocean.
What are some places I can visit in Pisa?
Can you give me some information about Socrates?
What items would be useful in an emergency ration?
What is gabapentin
how do you get on wipe out?
How do I reconfigure a PC video game to work with the lower graphic capability of my PC?
How do I stop the pain from an impacted tooth?
what is the best line of power tools
There are several baby names that I like. How do I narrow it down?
Should I buy disposable batteries or rechargeable batteries?
Can anyone learn to play hockey?
What are some documents I should get prepared if I want a divorce?
What can I do about a diaper rash?
Can you tell me some history of Bill Gates?
What is the difference in the Police vs. the Sheriffs department?
What is a good budget generator for powering appliances such as televisions?
Can you tell me a bit about the history of exorcisms?
I'm looking for a warm place to travel! Where would you recommend?
I need to pick a college to attend
What should I do if I get caught up in a human stampede?
Can you tell me what happened in the Prohibition?
what do i do if i bring home a new fish?
How do I stitch a small wound?
How do I block ads in my web browser?
What is the benefit of a 12 string guitar?
Where is MOS Burger's headquarter?
What are bed bugs?
how can i quite vaping
Which game includes the phrase “Do not pass go, do not collect $200”?
What is the process to become a nuclear ship technician in the Navy?
should i let my middle schooler wear makeup?
Is it possible to jailbreak an Android phone like you can with an iPhone?
How many puppies do dogs usually have?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bawang Goreng?
How do I blow up balloons using helium?
Where can I find a one-armed bandit?
Which books are similar to On the Road by Jack Kerouac?
What kind of foods did early Americans eat?
Is crossfit good for weight loss?
Are there Mormons practicing outside of Utah?
Is marijuana as harmful to your health as alcohol is?
What are the main biological differences between men and women?
Is a dog a good companion for my elderly aunt?
Do you think that the USA will eventually be a cashless society? I don't know many people who use cash anymore.
I'm travelling to Mexico. Can you tell me some words I should know in Spanish?
I'm going to wine tasting in France and need some language help.
How long should it take to potty train a child?
Is the United Kingdom a monarchy?
If I want to travel someplace where they have a lot of cuisine that serves spicy and citrusy type meals, where should I travel to?
How do you do a back flip?
How can I train myself to be a more focused person?
What are the different types of wall paints?
What is an EIN?
Are the Sika Deer native to North America?
How do you make cowboy style beans?
How can I learn to juggle?
How long does it take to get profecient at mountain climbing?
Can you give me instructions for brewing beer?
I need to buy my sister and brother in law some gifts. They are rich and have lots of nice things. I’m not rich. What do you think I should buy?
How do I learn to play racquetball?
How many NBA conferences are there?
What are some vitamins or minerals that I can take as I am starting to feel sick? I want to help my body recover faster.
Can you tell me how prisoners get so muscular while in prison? How do they get enough protein from a prison cafeteria diet?
I'm curious about different phones. Some are iPhones and some are Samsung Galaxy phones. Thus, different operating systems. Can you tell me the differences between Android and iOS?
I have a job interview at a local coffee shop tomorrow. What should I wear?
I have to write a report on the Civil War, can you tell me about the cause of the war?
How do you make hummus?
what is the largest lake in Texas
Should I let my daughter play with barbie?
I need to learn how to say some phrases in a few languages. Can you help me?
What are some places I can ride a luxury train?
What is business insurance?
How do I use epoxy?
Do you have any helpful tips to make a steak super tasty?
What are some trivia board games that I can play?
Why was daylights saving time created?
Do all countries have a schooling system that ends at the 12th grade?
I want to sew a fitted sheet for my queen sized mattress and want to know how much fabric to buy.
Do you have a recipe for devil eggs?
Which of the Disney princesses was the first one?
I'm trying to make chow mein, a Chinese dish.
I'm trying to write a research paper for school about the history of rock music from the 1950's to today. Do you think you could help me?
Do you think you can teach me about the higgs boson?
In what year was Broadway founded?
My mom has sciatica and its not getting better. Is surgery her only option?
How can I send money overseas?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
What is a Moscow Mule?
I'm pretty sure my house is haunted. How should I deal with the ghosts?
when should I prune my roses
How do you sanitize a kitchen counter after prepping and cooking?
How can I stay cool in the summer without the AC on
What is healthier for you? Turkey or Ham?
How can I get better at disagreeing with someone without causing an argument?
Do you know how to make rendang, an Indonesian dish?
Which items are essential to have in a living room?
Is iHeartRadio free?
What are some soft foods I can start baby off eating for baby led weaning?
What do I do about fatty bumps underneath the skin fo my arm?
How do you make a cheesecake?
How do I take care of an aloe plant?
How can I reduce my risk of a heart attack
Which desert is the largest in the world?
How do I make good fried chicken at home?
I just moved into a new place and want to have a fully stocked home bar.
My mother in law loves to cook. What are some good gift ideas for her?
I'm trying to bake a pumpkin pie from scratch.
I'd like to learn how to be a computer programmer, can you help?
I'm trying to make pesto using fresh basil. I have a recipe but perhaps you have a better recipe.
I use my phone to listen to music when I'm jogging and cycling outdoors, but sometimes there's inclement weather and I don't want to damage my phone with the elements. What can I do to protect my phone when using it outdoors?
How do I become a train conducter?
At what age can I be a babysitter?
Are 2 stoke motorcycles faster than 4 strokes?
I got some new glasses about a week ago and have been getting headaches ever since then. Why could this be?
Why do people think confederate flags are patriotic? Is that a symbol of American sedition during the civil war?
Do you think the bible was really written by God?
I need a good children's museum near Norfolk VA
My pet cat seems to be having a medical emergency. Can you find an emergency veterinarian that is open all night for me?
Can you find a recipe for a red velvet cake that has a butter cream frosting?
I have pork belly and tomato sauce in my fridge. Can you recommend any dishes I can cook using these?
Can you tell me the history of the Martini, the cocktail drink
Can you tell me why fireflies light up?
Can a person born in Canada be a US Senator?
What's a good substitute for eggs in a cake recipe
What is an ASE mechanic?
How do you contour the makeup on your face?
I would like to learn more about the Mona Lisa painting.
can i work up tolerance to alcohol?
Can you give me instructions on how to skateboard?
Can you tell me historical information on what have been the largest crops in the US since the countries founding?
How can I stay cool in the summer?
How do I prevent muscle soreness after weight training?
Where is Malaysia located? I have a friend who immigrated to the US from Malaysia and she invited me to travel to Malaysia with her next summer.
Can you recommend a tv show that has good mysteries in it?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a great actor. What are some of his best movies?
What are some nice soups if I am sick?
How do I cook scallops?
Hey Assitant, what are the first ten prime numbers?
How can I celebrate Christmas if I'm in Australia during Christmas?
How do I learn how to sew?
Who are some of the best punk bands that come from new york?
How do I make rocky road ice cream?
I make a comfortable living and don't really have money troubles, but I still would like to have better control of my finances. I seem to go through money pretty quickly and despite wanting to, I can't get into the habit of regularly putting money away for a rainy day. I am terrible at saving, but great at spending!
How do I make my own homeschool curriculum?
What are health benefits of eating raspberries?
How can I make homemade Febreze spray?
I'm planning a movie night and want to watch romantic comedies. What are some popular romantic comedy movies?
Hi, I have a bunch of chuck steak, but when I try to pan fry it, it ends up very tough. Can you give me a recipe for cooking it that will produce tender steak?
With thanksgiving coming up I was wondering how to perfectly cook a turkey for dinner.
My efforts at home made falafel are going terribly. The patties and balls just seem to turn to mush when I try to fry them. Am I missing some sort of binding agent in my mix?
Which president of the US won by the least votes
Who is your hero
what color does blue and purple make?
Do you have to clean your washing machine?
What are signs and symptoms that someone is a narcissist?
How can I learn more about politics?
how do i teach my kids about sex?
Can the Police shoot and kill looters?
My family is renting a lake house for the first time this summer. What are some fun lake activities we can do together?
Who started the War of 1812?
If there was a future war for the control of freshwater supplies. Which nation has the greatest supply currently and would, therefore, be the best place to relocate now?
The New York City Marathon was this past week. I'm curious about the history of the event, and what it's like?
I'm learning about the several branches of the US Government. Right now, I am specifically focused on the judicial branch. Can you describe what the judicial branch is in charge of?
Are pajamas a good Christmas gift?
What are some teas that are beneficial to health?
How do I dust my house?
I want to gain muscle. What’s some practical steps to gain muscle?
Are there are any herbs that help to get rid of headaches?
Who are some of the best punk bands that come from new york?
I am looking to write a paper on American Presidents. Can you give me some facts about Bill Clinton?
How many times Hillary Clinton run for president?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
How do I prevent muscle soreness after weight training?
What factors do you believe contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential victory?
What are the warning signs of kidney stones?
I want to make a scrapbook to remember a family vacation. What kinds of things should I include?
Can you tell me why you're not supposed to talk to the cops?
What are some of the major effects of climate change?
What are some cool ways to decorate a fish tank?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Austrian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tafelspitz?
What are some of the best superhero movies?
What is the name of the man who started eBay?
Is there a way to train yourself to open your eyes underwater? Or are you born with it.
What are ways I can build my social skills?
What is Durian?
How do I choose the right paint color for my house?
What are edible flowers?
I have $2000 that I want to invest for my future. What would you suggest?
What is intermittent fasting?
This holiday season I really want to do my part to help those in need. Can you suggest some things I might be able to do?
At what age should kids be allowed to use tablets?
What are some good action movies?
What are the arguments for and against "stand your ground" laws in the united states?
How do you make banana pancakes?
How do I find out if I will have network coverage on my phone in a national park?
Another school shooting was in the news in America. What can the country do to mitigate these tragedies in the future?
Can you tell me how one can treat a fire ant sting?
Do you think you can help me learn how to mount a TV to a wall?
Can you recommend a tv show that has good mysteries in it?
I'm writing a paper about ancient English poetry, and would like to know about some resources for conducting research.
What is the musical, Phantom of the Opera, about, plot wise?
Hi! I'm trying to help my second-grader with their English homework and they are studying the "-it family". Do you have any suggestions on how I can help my child remember the words in this family?
I want to make dinner rolls for Christmas dinner. Do you have a recipe?
I want to make a carrot cake but vegan style. So what things should I avoid putting into it if I want to make it vegan?
I remember the singer Deborah Harry was pretty popular. She had a couple big hits. Maybe we could talk about those.
Hey how can I calm down my recurring anxiety?
What are some ways I can improve my golf swing?
I was looking for some different music. What are some tunes from the band Til Tuesday?
What is a toaster oven? Answer in german
What is the oldest wooden sculpture that we know about?
How do you do a reverse image search?
Will Blue Bloods continue in 2022?
How do you clean jewelry?
What is conveyor belt sushi?
Can you help me understand how lightning forms?
What artists are popular in Rock music in 2021
Find Cardi B songs
Is it ethical to go to watch an orca show?
How do you know if your dog has been bit by a tick?
How do I know if I have diastasis recti?
I want to make a cheese plate. What are some popular cheeses for that?
I know that all living organisms share multiple characteristics that define life. Can you list and describe what those characteristics are?
How far can you travel in an electric car before it needs to recharge?
What is an API?
How should I baste a turkey?
I need help teaching simple addition to a 5 year old. Any helpful hints?
Hello, I am trying to find out more about Stephen Sondheim. Can you help?
Where does consciousness come from?
What's the best way to record your mistakes so you don't repeat them again?
How do I treat a hamster bite?
What is false advertising?
What is a good substitute for coffee
Why is overnight shipping so much more expensive than regular shipping?
Can you list common dog behaviors when the dog is anxious?
Hi, I'd like to make meatloaf for dinner tonight. Can you give me a recipe?
What is a nice bouquet I can give my mom for Mother's Day?
What is at the core of Mars?
What is your favorite color?
Are there laptops that won't go bad in jungles?
Is Austria a good place to take a vacation?
Can you explain the traits of astrological signs?
What is Bollywood?
Do you have any tips for how to get rid of blackheads?
At what age can a baby grasp items?
How do I teach my daughter how to multiply numbers?
Search for a mexican casserole recipe
Candy canes are a Christmas tradition. What is the origin?
Write a research paper on automotive mechanics.
I just got a new pet rabbit. Any advice on how care for it?
Is there a way to find the best gas price around me?
Could you give me some tips on training my dog how to use the bathroom on indoor pet pads?
Hi! My dog keeps begging for food and I need help to try to put a stop to this behaviour
Hi, the inside of my oven is completely disgusting and filthy. How do I get it good and clean?
Was 127 hours based on a true story?
Why is the Iraq War considered a failed war?
Are SAT scores the most important thing when trying to get into a good college?
Can you recommend some music? I like the classical works of Tchaikovsky, and Mozart.
How do you do an update and then restart in Windows 10?
Describe the events leading to Pearl Harbor
when was the first Hyundai Elantra produced?
What was the top box office movie in 2000?
Would you explain to me how measles are spread from human to human?
How long will steel last underground before it completely corrodes?
What multivitamin is best for mens health?
How can I stop worrying about things that don't affect me?
Will quantum computers rely on traditional programming languages such as C and Python?
Someone gave me a bamboo plant as a gift. How do I take care of it?
What are the requirements for getting a security deposit refund on an apartment lease?
I'm considering offsite backups, for my data. Just in case of a disaster. I wonder what some of the best methods are for doing that?
What are ways to extend the shelf life of vermouth?
What are some good side dishes with salmon?
Can you give examples of games in the Resident Evil series. Write you answer in a list format.
Let's talk about Pink, my favorite singer.
How do I make chilli?
How do I clean a carpet?
What happened at the Alamo?
What are some good electronic music artists?
What is the easiest musical instrument to learn how to play?
How do I tell a coworker that her perfume is too strong?
What are some of the best Pixar movies?
Was Christmas a different holiday at one time?
I want to make Marshmallow Brownies. Do you have a good recipe?
I'm looking to take my family on a vacation somewhere in Central America. Which countries are the most family-friendly and have a good relationship with the US so it is safe for its citizens?
Can I microwave my phone?
How can I make a piping bag?
I really link the books of Daniel Pink. What other similar works do you recommend?
How do you count your blessing?
How do you make poached eggs?
What are the different seasons?
What are some etiquette culture tips that you know of when traveling to Japan?
Can I microwave my phone?
What does a prosecutor do?
How can relieve heartburn naturally?
What is ballet?
What are some dried herbs that you might find in a pantry ?
What metals last the longest when exposed to salt water on a regular basis?
How can I get better at playing chess?
What are things I can do on vacation in italy?
Who do you think will run in the 2024 american presidential election, and why?
I'm looking into different career avenues to decide what I might want to pursue. How do I start a podcast?
A new family moved in next door. How can I welcome them to the neighborhood?
I want to know some things that the Victorians did that we would think are unusual. Can you help/
Can you explain how League Of Legends works?
Is it necessary to update my computer when updates are available?
What countries were involved in war world 2
Can I take two pictures and merge them into one using Photoshop?
I'd like to plan a hiking trip to some mountains. Can you recommend a place to go?
What are some of the best book series of all time?
What is a good microphone to buy for a home recording?
What are some low residue foods I can have?
How do you treat a cold sore?
How can I do a backwards somersault?
I want to learn about the history of Apple Inc. Can you tell me about it?
Can you tell me who the first billionaire in United States history was?
Hello, I am trying to find out what is the most healthy cat food for my cats.
Hey! How do I level up as a person?
Can anyone whitewater raft?
How do you use credit card reward points?
How do I make sweet potato?
I want to get a motorcycle. What should I know?
Can you give me tips on how to write a good, intriguing article?
What can I use to clean a plastic tub?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Vigoron?
Is burning man a heathen festival?
How do I stop the pain from an impacted tooth?
What do you tell someone that lost a pet
How do I pick a lock?
What languages do they speak in Finland?
Can you give me an overview of how a Smart City works?
What are group of Ravens called?
How do Mennonites dress?
What's the best way to record your mistakes so you don't repeat them again?
Could you tell me what the first Legend of Zelda game was about?
What are the most common questions about love?
Hi, I'd like to make my own rye bread. Can you give me a recipe for doing that?
What kind of apps or software are good for learning a new language?
Should you feed the wild deer?
Can you suggest gifts that a whiskey lover would love? Minus whiskey, though, they have plenty of that.
How do you unsubscribe from a mailing list?
How do I be more motivated at my job?
I'm trying to find out where The Beatles were from in the UK. Can you help?
Can you describe the agriculture done at Machu Picchu?
I would like to learn how to make my own pizza dough at home.
I'm trying to learn more about the country of Kenya.
Do you know how Europe got its name?
My friend's birthday is next week and I'm trying to figure out the perfect present for him. What would you suggest?
How can I learn more about politics?
Search for Pink's best songs
What does escrow mean when you're buying a house?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Falafel?
I would like to learn about an unusual sport. Can you suggest two?
My kitchen sink is frequently getting clogged. Do you have any advice for unclogging a drain?
How do I fix a leaky faucet?
I need advice on how to go about adopting a pet from a shelter
what are some good cheesy dishes with broccoli?
Is Business Administration a good career?
What determines a cloud's shape?
Search for Billie Eilish songs
What is the meaning behind the Black Lives Matter Movement?
Can you name some of the angels mentioned in the Bible?
what is a good woodwind instrument for an 8 year old to play?
I am doing a paper on Ernest Hemingway. What are some important facts I should include in my paper?
What company invented Java programming language?
Can you describe the Philippine Martial Law?
Where did dandelions evolve?
Can you help me learn more about the founding father Alexander Hamilton?
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
I'm planning on starting to run for exercise. What are some good warm up stretches that I can do?
What is mono?
How does a psychologist, decide if a person has an addiction? What are the boundaries?
how do i know when to change my toothbrush?
How long does a senator serve?
Hi, I'm interested in pursuing a career in acting. Can you give me any tips on the type of work and education I should seek out in order to accomplish that?
Can you tell me some musical artists similar to the Foo Fighters?
My friend wants to quit smoking. How can I support her in her efforts?
Can you tell me information about the history of the American slave trade?
What is a trust fund?
What are some fun things kids can decorate?
What size trampoline should I get for my ten year old twins?
Does Chinese always have rice?
What types of illnesses could be caused by being overweight?
How can I get rid of Ringworm
What's the best way to clean a pair of leather Reebok sneakers?
What's the easiest way to mince garlic?
How can I train myself to be a more focused person?
How do you get a mortgage?
how do i know if i have a dry cough or a wet cough?
Why have people made the COVID pandemic political?
Do you have any helpful tips to make a steak super tasty?
Why do we have 7 days in a week?
Who was the first president?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bakso?
Can you tell me about the conspiracy surrounding 2pac's death?
I'd like to arrange singing lessons for my daughter, she's only ten years old, is it a good time?
Man, those new trucks are nice. Have you seen how much they cost now? Wow!
It's time to renew my healthcare plan but I am worried about paying too much in premiums. Can you provide me with any specific tips for paying as little as I can for health insurance?
Can you tell me what kind of plants are good to keep inside the home?
I'm opening my own business and trying to figure out how to decorate my office in a way that's welcoming but professional. Do you have any advice on how to communicate that with wallpaper, paint, furniture, decorations, etc?
I was reading a book about aliens and wondered. Do you think aliens exist? what would they look like?
How do I freeze bananas?
How do I improve my soccer skills?
Hi! I've been with my long-term partner for several years now and I want to bring back more flirting into the relationship. Could you give me some relationship advice?
How does alcohol affect the health of the human body?
I am looking for ways to track my phone in case it's lost. Can you compile a list of highly rated tracking apps for a phone?
What is the most reliable car on the market right now?
Which video game company developed the game Xcom 2?
Why do conservatives want to raise election doubts so they can install a dictator?
Should I eat organic vegetables?
What are some cities to visit in Indonesia?
I want to teach someone verb tenses. Can you explain to me the different kinds of verb tenses that exist?
How many versions of the movie Fame are there?
The neighbor's kid has a peanut allergy. How dangerous is that.
What are the benefits of a health savings account?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
Can you explain to me how wine is made?
How do I make a balloon arch?
What are some tools I can use to sketch on an ipad?
I'm trying to connect with a friend who is moving overseas. I'd like to do something special before they move. Do you have any suggestions?
How can I deal with a dog that cries and cries every time I leave him home alone?
Which animals besides primates are the smartest?
What should I do if I have terminal cancer?
How does pedialyte help?
What are some of the more famous paintings, from Andy Warhol? He wasn't unusual artist.
I want to make my own strawberry jam, how can I do it?
how do i get over fear of rejection?
Is fashion design a good career?
How many countries are in south america?
My aunt used to make a Christmas cookie that was round and had powdered sugar on the top. Do you know what it might be? I'm having trouble remembering.
What can you tell me about Belize?
What's the purpose and function of a compass?
What is the best way to fold a fitted sheet?
Please tell me places to visit in New York City.
How do I make a skirt for a Barbie doll?
Can you tell me how An air fryer works?
Search for a deep fried oreos recipe
I was wondering, why do we light off fireworks for the 4th of July celebrations?
How do I prevent my cat from messing with my fish?
Why are mice afraid of cats?
What are some ways that I can have more order in life?
Should I play the lottery
How do you use a fire extinguisher?
My kids love Nickeoleon, how can I make slime for them?
Is it difficult to make a birdhouse?
What are some snacks I can have to help me cram for a test?
What are some exercise programs that involve music?
What are the health benefits of getting sun?
Can you describe the differences between autotrophs and heterotrophs?
Hi, I'm feeling nostalgic for the music of the 1990s. Can you help me put together a playlist of the most popular artists and songs from that period, preferably in a chronological way that shows how music changed through the decade?
I am trying to become a better photographer. Do you have any tips?
I want to make homemade peanut butter. How do I do it?
I'm retiring at the end of the year, how do I apply for social security?
What are some kinds of dance I might like if I like ballet?
I want to book a hotel in Bangkok. I want something that i s luxurious. what options would you suggest?
How do you deal with a difficult landlord?
Could you help teach me how to make peanut butter cookies?
Hi, my favorite pair of socks got hole in them. Can you teach me how to darn socks, so I can repair it?
Who created YouTube?
My dog is having more and more trouble walking due to age. Is there any way to make him more comfortable?
Could you tell me which major company bought out Bethesda?
What does executive order mean?
What are some good locations to observe a sunrise?
What does the phrase "snake oil salesman" mean?
How do yo adjust the coarseness of coffee ground if you do your own grinding?
Can you help me learn some information about Woodrow Wilson?
I am working with a new company and they struggle to keep on top of all the tasks that need to be done. Can you suggest a task management tool to help?
Hi, I'd like to learn how to play bass guitar. Can you give me any tips on how to begin? Suggestions for what type of bass to buy would be particularly welcome.
What is Sacramento known for?
Who were the Partidge family?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Majadito?
How do I change the inner tube for my bike tire?
Do you have a recipe for nachos?
Is Bermuda a good place to take a vacation?
What are some ways that a person can earn extra money in their free time?
Is it really dangerous to go over the Bermuda Triangle?
What foods should I avoid eating before surgery
How can I get the family to not discuss politics during the holidays?
Hello, I am trying to find out how to take care of a Chinchilla. Can you help me?
What's the weather like in Salt Lake City, Utah this weekend?
How do I save battery on my cell phone?
Is there anything a man can do to get his hair back if he is going bald?
How do I make instant jello?
I love the recording artist Junkie XL and I'd like some soundtrack recommendations of his.
how can i sleep better at night?
I've been fighting boredom since I've become sober for alcohol. Alcohol filled up my day and without it I'm bored crazy. How do I fight this?
How old should a child be to expect them to be able to write their own name?
Do you know how to make corned beef hash?
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
What can you do with top soil?
I want to plan a Halloween party. Do you have any ideas?
Do sharks have tongues?
Are there asteroids that contain copper in space?
How do I learn how to sew?
Can I make penicillin at home?
What is the Hoover Dam?
How do I get rid of boils?
Do you need to take your cat for a walk?
What is the best way to make an omelet?
What food are usually serve at carnivals?
I'm going camping in an area with some bears. If I come across one, what should I do to remain safe?
What socket is the 7700k Intel?
How do I keep my skin healthy?
What was New York's hottest recorded temperature ever?
Can you tell me if Brown Tree snakes are native to North America?
Some friends are getting together for thanksgiving this year and it is my turn to bring the dessert. What are some desserts that are usually served on thanksgiving dinner?
What's the best way to make a Shepherd's Pie?
What does closing on a home mean?
Should I have a dog if I work?
My dad is turning 61 this coming December. Do you have any gift suggestions that he may like?
Who are some of the best punk bands that come from new york?
How can I survive in the cold without a fire?
How can I reuse rainwater>
I’m trying to find a monthly subscription of gifts for my dog
how do i stop myself from saying bad words?
Could you give me some information on the origin story of the legend of Bloody Mary?
Can you help me with a paper I have to write about psychology and personality type?
why shouldn't kids drink energy drinks?
A friend told me that I could install Kodi on my Amazon firestick device. Can you teach me how to accomplish this?
Can you tell me the history of Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris?
Can you give me some advice about reducing an allergic reaction to house dust mite?
Which country consumes the most chocolate per capita?
I plan to make Fudge Walnut Brownies. Can you help me?
How can I tell when cookies are done?
Do you know how I can install a new kitchen backsplash?
Can you tell me a little bit more about the battle of the bulge?
How do I sleep better without waking up through the night?
I have very dry and damaged hair. Could you suggest somethings to help me repair it?
I see a lot of pigeons all the time. What is their purpose in the world?
I accidentally caught something on fire the other day and I was in a panic before I eventually stomped it out. I want to be prepared for if I ever encounter a fire again. Can you tell me how to deal with fires, putting them out and being safe around them?
Can I exercise if I am pregnant?
Gambling addiction is more prevalent that people realize. I wonder if psychology is getting better at treating that addiction?
How do I know if a cut is infected?
How many people do you need for a Christmas caroling group?
I have to record a meeting I'm attending tomorrow. What's the best audio recorder to use?
Can I save dried out nail polish?
the iphone was made what year and how can get my hands on it
Who invented tea and where was it invented?
Do you have any ideas for a vacation?
How should I inspect a used car before I buy it?
I am planning to travel to the Maldives, and wondered if you could tell me more about the country?
How do I learn to type without looking?
How do I get to Allentown PA from NYC?
Please tell me about Thanksgiving Day and the history behind it?
What do I do if my kids do not finish their dinner?
How can I boost my immune system?
I'm trying to read a good story
What day of the week will Christmas fall on this year?
Can you tell me films that have one Oscars starring Eddie Murphy?
Can you use Crazy Glue to fix a chipped fingernail?
Can you tell me how Global Warming will change city planning, and the infrastructure of cities?
what are some finger play chants like five little monkeys?
Hey! I'm struggling to learn how to meal prep. What are some staples that I can make as a beginner?
What has Sandra Day O'Connor been doing since she retired from the Supreme Court?
I am doing a paper on Ernest Hemingway. What are some important facts I should include in my paper?
How do I get over guilt?
How do I play marbles?
What is the best selling type of music in the world?
What are some easy to make Christmas decorations I can make for inside the house?
What should you know before you sign a lease?
What are some good books for kids who are into magic?
Why do people think that JFK was killed by the CIA?
I'd like to learn about the stock market.
I am trying to find the cheapest way to get from where I live to my parent's house for this Thanksgiving. How can I find a good deal on travel tickets at the holidays?
How do I make raspberry vinegar?
Are all the ten commandments equally important?
What's a good book to read to my 3 year old?
Should you stretch before a run?
Where should I visit in Istanbul?
Can you help me find a good book to red?
How can I make my bathroom feel more like a fancy spa?
Hi, I'm interested in playing rugby. Can you explain the rules of the game to me?
What are some common psychic practices that are thought to have validity?
Hi, I never really listened to KISS, but I hear they're an important band. Can you help me create a playlist of their most popular and influential songs and albums, so that I can get an overview of their body of work?
I have never seen a Harry Potter movie or read one of the books. Which should I do first? Some say the books are better than the movies.
What are night terrors and why do people have them?
What are some educational gifts for a ten year old?
How do I fix a flat bike tire?
I want to get into coffee but I only like sweet drinks! Do you know what I can try?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ghormeh Sabzi?
Do you have recipe for chocolate chip pancakes you can walk me through?
How do you remove the residual heat from cooked pasta once you remove it from the boiling water?
Can you teach me the proper way to clean my makeup brushes? I don't feel like I get enough use out of them.
Is is true that fossils are not actual bones?
What are some safe snacks or treats for dogs?
Can you explain how to braid hair?
What actor plays Alex Karev
what do i do if i encounter an octopus?
What are some ways that I can promote a book that I have written?
What is the best way to reduce my trash or waste?
How many people can be seated in the new yankee statium?
How can I make my own jigsaw puzzle?
Who is making the better cpu these days? AMD or Intel?
what are some cool whales to teach my kids about?
What TV stations have a lot of documentaries?
How do you reconnect with an old friend that you hadn't talk to in years?
Can you tell me how to find out what engine oil my car uses?
I wanna identify examples of how neuroethics applies to every day life. Do you have any examples?
Is karate a good sport for kids to learn?
could aliens be here already?
How do I make pancakes from scratch?
I have a headache and really feel bad. What are some good home cures for this?
I've seen lots of people getting their "steps" in for a day. What does that mean?
What is the meaning of life?
How can I give up cigarettes?
What are some festivals I can go to like Woodstock?
I was reading an article that said in 2004 scientists were worried an asteroid called apophis will hit Earth. Is that a possibility?
Can back pain be a precursor to something more serious?
How do I go back to school?
Can you reserve a hotel room for me in Los Angeles, CA for April 6th, 2022?
What are some of the most popular comic books?
What is paella?
Find Jonah Hill movies
What is kidney failure?
I want to go to the Island of Bali. Please tell me how to get there from Los Angeles.
What are some exercises I can do in the pool for my knees?
I'm interested in aromatherapy. Do you know what essential oils are good for relaxation?
Is a turtle a good pet for kids?
Hi, the drain in my kitchen sink is pretty clogged up. How can I unclog it?
I'm trying to teach my new puppy to bark on command. Do you have any tips that could help me with this process?
How do you put the top up in a convertible?
What are sheep dogs?
What should I do if I have a nose bleed?
What kind of requirements are needed for land travel between the US and Mexico?
How can I take a cruise if I get seasick?
We got a new pet mouse and I'm wanting to learn how to make it use a running wheel.
I'm trying to teach my kid shapes. Is there an easy way?
How does it feel to be anxious?
Who is considered the best basketball player of all time and why?
Do you know anything about the salem witch trials?
What are the origins of the Super Bowl and how did it get its start?
What is a staph infection?
Are there good ways to make my teeth whiter, besides going to a dentist to get a whitening?
Can you explain how a steam turbine work?
What is a good drink to toast to on new years?
Curious to know where sangria comes from, the history of it
How do I tell my kid not to lie?
how can i make cranberry sauce?
Who is Kamala Harris?
How do I edit the EXIF data on an image?
How would I renew my drivers license in the state of New York?
Who won the World Series in 1985?
How can I make my own hummus at home?
I want to make granola bars at home. Can you help me?
What is healthier for you? Turkey or Ham?
Who designed the American Flag?
What did Pamela Anderson star in?
How long do Timex watch batteries last?
When was deodorant first invented?
How do I prepare for a natural childbirth?
What can you tell me about Belize?
What is dry cleaning?
Should you clean your own gutters?
How do I make a lava lamp in a bottle?
I'm preparing a holiday dinner and need a unique recipe. I was given the vegetable category to bring to the dinner. Any suggestions?
Can you explain how 3D printing works?
What is a nativity scene?
What are some good food to bring camping?
What is this "blue light" I've been hearing about in terms of screens like phones, tablets and laptops that we use shortly before sleep causing some problems with our sleep cycles?
Hello, I'm trying to find out where sunflowers grow in the United States. Can you help me?
How do I make my own dog food?
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
When is a good time to have children as a couple?
How do you deal with selfish people?
I'm looking for some TV shows about time travel. Maybe ones similar to Steins;Gate. Do you know of any?
How can I thaw frozen meat quickly?
What are the benefits of taking fish oil supplements?
What day and date is the winter solstice?
I need a microphone for work meetings. What is a trusted brand for computer microphones?
How many Rocky movies are there?
what state is the largest producer of peaches in the US?
What are the differences between a migraine and a regular headache?
What are some of the best grindhouse films?
Find some car games to play on Nintendo 64.
I'm trying to cook a cake but something doesn't smell right. How can I tell if my eggs are rotten?
I got a sunburn. How do I soothe it and make it go away faster?
The movie Chinatown was pretty intense and violent. Won awards too. Do you know the general plot of the movie?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn some of the language.
I have a rat infestation in my apartment. What's the best way to get rid of them?
How do you become an ordained minister?
What is the SEC?
Hi, how does a touch screen phone work?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore
What causes dry mouth and how can I treat it?
I am in the mood for Chinese food, but takeout is too expensive. What are some Chinese-inspired meals I can make at home?
I'm going out to a party tonight, and they will be discussing renewable energy. What can you tell me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Aloo Baingan?
What are some different styles of curry?
Can you tell me how the pictures on billboards are put up?
Should you sleep with your makeup on?
Could a person live off the grid relatively simply, with just a few thousand dollars? I've often wondered if living in the woods cut off from society, might be an option.
Is a rabbit a good pet?
Do you have a good humidifier recommendation for under $100?
Search for a blueberry coffee cake recipe
Is a German Shepard a good pet?
What can I do if I have chest congestion?
How do I make a fishtail braid?
what are the point of dog tags?
I need to pick a college to attend
Can you tell me the directions for visiting Mount Rushmore?
I'm going to be attempting to catch carp on my next fishing trip. Can you provide me any advice on catching them?
How do you dry age beef?
My cat is pregnant and I was looking for advice on what to do when she is ready to give birth?
how do i ask people to give me money for my wedding and not presents?
Help! I just got 30 pounds of artichokes from a dumpster. How can I eat them?
I think I want to start a family. When is the best time to start a family?
Isis seem to be a very important goddess in Egyptian theology. What's her story?
Who was Kant?
How do I get better at bargaining?
What is google docs?
Man. Why does it take so long to see the doctor, even when you have an appointment?
I'm trying to learn about crime in a certain neighborhood
What would be a good national park for a warm vacation during the winter in the US?
Is the US Marines a part of the US Navy?
How old was Jesus when he was crucified?
What are some interesting landlocked countries?
Are plastic bags bad for the environment?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Boli?
How can I eliminate distractions and be more focused?
Do you know the history of who invented the Hyatt hotel company?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bakpao?
I sprained my ankle playing basketball. How should I care for it?
Can you tell me what you use to thicken a raspberry pie?
When was the Whirlpool Corporation founded?
How can i lessen the water I use during a shower?
Can you tell me how hone air conditioners work?
What do I do if there is a bee hive in my yard?
How do you define mental health?
I want to make granola bars at home. Can you help me?
Why do cats like sunlight so much?
What are pros and cons of using a dryer to dry clothes?
What are some fun things i can build out of legos with a ten year old?
I'm trying to learn more about Vinyasa yoga, can you give me some information about it?
It is time to decorate for Christmas. How can I make my home look like a winter wonderland?
Hello. I was thinking about improving the performance of my computer at home, but I am not very tech savvy. What are some easy ways to make my PC run better?
I want to make homemade potato chips, can you walk me through the process?
I'm trying to learn Spanish. I took a class at a community college and got an A. But, months later, I forgot what I have learned.
What are the pros and cons of epidural during child birth?
Why do the Amish wear black?
How much water is used while showering?
I'd like to do more exercising, but I don't want to have to buy any equipment like weights or bars. What exercises can I do without any equipment?
I want to hang up Christmas Lights outside this year, but don't know how to get started. What do I need to know?
We're having trouble with our pet, a green parakeet, it has gone really quiet and doesn't seem to be feeding properly. Please help.
Hi, I'd like to make stuffed peppers. Can you give me a recipe and cooking instructions for doing that?
What causes hair loss in men?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Seco de Chivo?
What are some good toys for kids who like building blocks?
What does HIV do to a person?
Does writing in a journal help when you are stressed?
What are some good activities to do with toddlers to help with their development?
How do you get a passport?
What kind of things can I make with sour oranges?
How do I cook frozen corn?
What are some methods I can use to help with my social anxiety?
What are the steps that I would need to take in order to apply for a passport? I'm a bit lost!
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Locro Carretero?
How much Vitamin C should I be getting per day?
Julia Roberts is a famous actress. What were some of her best-known movies?
Isis seem to be a very important goddess in Egyptian theology. What's her story?
What year did the Dreamcast video game system release in North America?
I'm looking for a good book to read. I've been reading a lot of nonfiction lately and I'd like to try something different.
What does a nurse practitioner do?
How can I lose 50 lbs. in a year?
How do I deflate a water bed?
What are some good action games for the Playstation 4?
Can you recommend me some video games that are similar to Resident Evil?
What is the longest running TV show?
My mom is having a hard time since her youngest child moved out. How can I make her feel better?
what is the longest river in the united states
What is the strongest type of concrete?
What are some good Japanese anime shows for girls?
What is the best way to decorate a coffee mug?
My daughter is doing a fundraiser for school and there is a prize for selling the most cookie dough (which is what the fundraiser is selling). My daughter really wants to win that prize. What can she do to make sure she sells the most cookie dough.
How do you use Teflon tape to stop pipe joints from leaking?
What kind of foods were eaten in Ancient Egypt?
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
What can I get for a fan of Mickey Mouse for a birthday present?
The Hobbit had such a following. and the movies, all of it. What is the origin of the book?
Why do people believe in religion?
I'm going to Iceland. Can you help me learn a few common phrases?
Do they still build airplanes out of wood?
When was the first camera invented?
Why is my french toast always so soggy in the middle? What am I doing wrong?
i got a question what is better chicken or beef
Can you tell me historical information on what have been the largest crops in the US since the countries founding?
Can you tell me the typical schedule for Army boot camp for newly enlisted recruits?
How do you make BBQ ribs?
What is the best kind of dog food to feed a puppy?
Are matchbooks made much, anymore? It seems like handheld lighters with some type of fuel, tend to be more popular.
What is the most popular song ever written?
Can you tell me what my used car is worth?
Is it cheaper to send a package by UPS or FedEx? I want the cheapest rate.
My significant other recently moved across the country for work. He won't be back for at least another year. Do you have any advice on how to have a successful long-distance relationship?
I want to track my calorie intake. How can I do that?
I'd like to learn how to make my own app.
what are signs of congestive heart failure?
What are some lightbulb colors that do not attract bugs?
What are some toys I can get for my kids if they like Mr. Potato Head?
I'm moving and want to hold a yard sale to get rid of old belongings. How would I go about that?
what are some good brands of dark chocolate?
What are some fun and unique things to do in Hawaii?
What numbers should I use to call the operator on the phone?
Best books by Stephanie Meyer
How can I make a pecan pie?
How do I learn to be better at sketching?
Who is Guy Fieri
How should one go about telling a child that santa claus is not real?
I would like to build my own meat smoker so I can smoke my own meats at home. Do you have any ideas on how I could do that?
What are some places I can visit in Fresno?
How can I explain the concept of science to a child
I had a party today and there has been pizza and burgers sitting on the counter for about 10 hours. Are they still safe to eat?
What are some interesting things in nature I could sketch?
When should I plant my grass seed?
what are natural remedies for asthma?
What does it mean if I have a heart murmur?
I really liked Interstellar. What other movies or tv shows like it do you recommend?
Is it hard to learn to break dance?
what is a good shakespeare play i can teach my children about?
What place can I visit in Medellin?
How can I make strawberry shortcake from scratch?
What can I do to reduce my risk of colon cancer
Should I use Skype or Zoom for making video calls?
What are edible flowers?
What are the best books that are under 100 pages that I can read quickly?
My history project is on Richard The Lion Heart. I need help.
Is it safe to go to Las Vegas for vacation? Seems a bit concerning these days, with masks and vaccines and the like.
I need a new cell phone. Which one should I buy?
Can you tell me about the history and structural details of the Leaning Tower of Pisa, and why it leans?
What was the Renaissance period like?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Saffron risotto?
I want to have a dinner party. Can you give me good ideas for appetizers?
I would like to learn more about investing in stocks with dividends. Can you explain this concept and how I can utilize dividends to build passive income?
How can I get my baby to not squirm in his high chair?
I have to put my mother in a nursing home and I'm feeling guilty about this.
Can you tell me the history of Oklahoma?
My face is breaking out in acne. Do you have any tips for getting rid of acne?
Can you tell me what the best time of the year is to grow garlic in Maryland?
What is the Big Bang Theory?
How are fire hoses manufactured?
I want to make oatmeal cookies. I would like to add chocolate chips and raisins. Can you help me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Maraq Digaag?
Can you tell me what are some soft foods that can help relieve toothaches?
what are some fun games for a family field day?
What should I do if I see a bear?
How can I stop racoons from getting into my garbage cans at night?
I get along very well with everyone at my workplace, but a recent situation is puzzling me. A colleague has just recently started behaving very coldly towards me, avoiding me when possible and barely interacting with me when we are in close proximity. I don't understand what happened and they won't tell me, instead insisting everything is "fine." It's not though and I don't know why.
How do you take care of yourself after a tooth extraction?
Can you list some examples of chemical reaction?
What are the top revenue generating football teams in the U.S., I wonder?
How do I forage for mushrooms?
How can I spend less time on the internet?
What are some interesting pretzel toppings?
I'm trying to decide what I want to do with my degree when I graduate from college. i don't know what job would be best for me
What are the differences between a migraine and a regular headache?
How much should I walk today
I'd like to offer support to a friend struggling with motivation. Any thoughts?
Hi, I hear the Beatles are important to the history of pop music. Can you give me some suggestions for their best albums, and songs, that I could put on a playlist that might help me familiarize myself with their work?
I'm thinking about getting a smartphone, do you think it's a good idea?
Should I buy gold, platinum, or silver, if I want to invest in metals?
Can you name some neighborhoods in New York City?
What should you wear to an interview?
What is anatomy?
How many calories do you need in a day?
I want to open a checking account. How do I do that?
What are skills a plumber should have?
can you find me a recipe for a brined turkey I can make for Thanks giving?
What should you do when you feel lonely?
I wonder if physically levitating is something you can train yourself to do mentally? Through meditation?
Can you tell me how to make a great Italian sub sandwich?
I'm trying to make my text more clear. Clear like Hemingway would write it. Let me show you an example of what I mean: Before: The cat was chased by the dog. It had no significant idea of th origin of the dog's motivation to hunt it. The cat also thought of itself as innocent. After: The dog chased the cat. The cat, who found itself innocent, didn't know why the dog chased it. Before: It's kind of interesting how computers are stuck in the old hum hum drum drum of the past. Most text editors are still like typewriters, or, at best, those electrical typewriters from the 80ies where you had almost like a throne for writing, drafing on a screen and then printing.
I’m trying to write an apology letter
I want to go to Greece. Does it have historical sites?
I'm trying to find new music to listen to
Is it okay to bury a dead cat in your yard?
Find Shailene Woodley movies
What's a good gift to get a teenage boy?
Does Google's mission statement really say to not do evil?
I'm pretty sure my house is haunted. How should I deal with the ghosts?
Can you explain where the money comes from for these big powerball jackpots?
Do you know the symptoms of food poisoning?
What should I do if I found a weird mole on my back?
How do you patent an invention?
How do you void a check?
what do i do if i smell smoke?
Google censors so much. How can I search for what I really want to find?
Can I make homemade ketchup?
I want to make chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
How do you make a banana split?
How do I keep my cat from shedding?
I want to make chocolate chip cookies using white chocolate and almond. Can you help me?
Is chewing sugarless gum good?
Is there some good racing games for the game boy advance?
I want to choose a new video game to play
What are some industrial uses for gold?
I'm having trouble creating a resume. Do you have any tips for making my resume stand out?
How can you tell if an animal has rabies?
Why are dogs afraid of fireworks
Can you give me instructions for thawing frozen chicken?
I'm trying to learn about investing. Can you tell me what the meaning of bear and bull markets are?
My friend's daughter is leaving for college for the first time and she's having empty nest syndrome. How can I help her through it?
Do you have any advice on how I can get an internship without any experience?
Why do child TV stars have such a hard time later in life?
How long ago were tomatoes introduced into Europe?
How can I get rid of a tattoo?
What is whiplash?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tom Yum Soup?
what are some good drinks using lemon?
What are the blueprints to making a small deck onto my house?
I have a mouse in kitchen. What is the best trap to use to catch it?
I'd like to learn Hungarian, do you think it is a difficult language?
what are some fun things to do with a small bouncy ball?
What should I do when sex scenes come up in movies and I'm watching with my kids?
Find Arnold Schwarzenegger movies
I would like some book recommendations similar to the series The Wheel of Time.
When was the first black Friday shopping day started?
Do you know of a particular knot that tensions easily around round objects when pulled tight, but does not easily loosen? I want the string to grip tightly around a pole.
I'm trying to plan a wedding but I don't know where to have it. What would be a good location?
Did humans evolve from monkeys?
I'm not sure I want to have children because of the associated costs. I don't really know how to approach this subject with my partner without sounding selfish or overly frugal.
Is a Peloton bike worth the money?
What vaccines are typically recommended or required for traveling to East African countries?
I'm entering a beauty pageant and I'm required to have a talent. I need help figuring out what to do. Which ones are popular and what talent would be unique for a beauty pageant?
What is the best type of governing body of a country?
What is the best way to search for a job?
How can you get your cat to go in the litter box?
what are some ideas for a beach themed party?
I'm trying to find a work from home chat job.
Where is the Holiday in Dixie festival held?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Phisara de Quinua?
What are some ways to start eating smaller portions of food?
Who are the four presidents on Mount Rushmore?
I love the music of Bessie Smith. Would love to know more about her background?
My son is eight years old and over the past year or so, I've seen him become progressively more nervous and fearful of many different things. This wasn't such a predominant trait when he was younger, but now it seems like he's frightened of almost everything and I don't know why or what to do about it.
I know it's a short time frame, but what's the best way to see improvement if I want to get in shape for a month. I want to see results fast so it will encourage me to keep going from there.
How come coffee is sometimes called 'java'?
How do singers become famous?
How do you heat up leftover fish?
How can I ripen green tomates?
what kind of smoke detector should i install?
What is polenta?
I want to open a checking account. How do I do that?
What does scientific theory mean?
What are some fun animal sidekicks from movies?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carne Guisada?
Find a recipe for peanut butter cookies
Do giraffes eat meat?
I've seen lots of people getting their "steps" in for a day. What does that mean?
How do I help my teen to achieve work and school balance?
I'd like to read something new, and wondered if you could recommend a book? I like topics about modern philosophy, and anthropology, for example.
What are some hot dog toppings besides ketchup or mustard?
How do I know which type of plastic can be recycled?
How do I get faster at reading musical notes?
Can you tell me how to calculate the odds on a boxing match?
Hello, how are you?
How do I get my child to want to walk more and not be in a stroller as much?
Can you explain the 9/11 for me?
How can I bowl a strike in bowling?
What's a good surprise for my husband for our anniversary?
What's the weather gonna be like today in Glendale, CA?
What 's the best home workout routine?
I've heard some foods trigger migraines including baked goods with yeast. Why do baked goods with yeast induce migraines?
Where can I buy an air plant?
Can you walk me through a recipe for making apple pie?
What's the difference between AC and DC current?
What's the best way to choose gifts?
What are some fun outdoor hobbies that I should try?
How do you remove the skins from chicken drumsticks?
How can I get rid of termites?
What are different golf clubs used for?
I need the list of Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
How can I make myself like veggies
Can you recommend an album by a female vocalist?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cordula?
What is a fantasy book you would recommend for young adults?
What is a good dessert to serve on Thanksgiving?
Do you know how to make caffè americano?
Why do I keep sweating at night?
Can you describe how to recognize tones in literature?
What is the easiest way to make white rice?
What is the cheapest place to buy eyeglasses online? I have a prescription.
Are there any ways that I can improve my wireless signal strength?
How often should I condition my leather boots? I use them frequently in very dry environments.
Should you pay for a pet burial?
How do I transport fish when moving?
I just moved to a new country and want to know, how do I learn a new language quickly?
Should people eat 3 meals a day? Is that the healthiest way to eat?
Can anyone get a car auction license?
How can I keep crickets out of my home?
what are the pros and cons of marijuana use?
Why is Pluto no longer considered a planet?
What is the longest word in the English language
Developing one's potential
How can I keep bees away from my home
Why do people collect sneakers?
I'm looking for reputable online Spanish classes. Can you help me?
I'd like to learn how to safely ride a motorcycle. Do you have any motorcycle safety tips?
What are some good Disney movies not about princesses?
What are some cool hat styles for boys?
What is the major difference in governmental systems between the United States and China?
What is the best way to make a friend?
How can I grow a bonsai tree?
I just started running. How can I improve my running time?
How do I get someone to open up and be vulnerable?
What are some good Ecuadorian meals?
How do you get an Apple card?
Is it realistic to think about building your own home from scratch?
Search for cranberry orange bread
Do you have any tips for rope jumping?
What does conservatorship mean?
I have trouble falling asleep once I get in bed, is there anything that can help me fall asleep faster?
Hi, I'd like to learn how to defend myself with my bare hands. Can you give me any tips about starting to practice a martial art?
How should I go about finding and preparing firewood for use in the winter?
What are some easy ways that I can brine my turkey? I would like to try doing that this Thanksgiving.
How do I learn how to ski?
What is the best fitness app?
Can anyone run for President?
I'd like to read something new, and wondered if you could recommend a book? I like topics about modern philosophy, and anthropology, for example.
Can I get twitter without advertisements?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
What are some fun science challenges for kids to do during summer break?
I'm travelling abroad and need ask for the train station in different languages. Can you help?
Birds sure make a lot of noise. Why do they learn to mimic sounds like that?
Who is Lady Gaga?
Can you tell me how Global Warming will change city planning, and the infrastructure of cities?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sizzling Sisig?
how do i care for a toad?
Find a recipe for beef pot pie
I would like a new TV show to watch. What are some good comedy shows on TV right now?
Does Google's mission statement really say to not do evil?
Describe to me how the bad eagle became Americas national bird
Do you think I could live past one hundred years old?
How do you contour the makeup on your face?
Can you tell me which company developed the first cola, pepsi or coke?
What is a heat warning?
Which foods go well with rice?
DO we know the reason that the Earth spins in the direction it does?
How can I grow my own sunflowers?
There are several baby names that I like. How do I narrow it down?
Do you think humans will ever live on Mars?
There are so many different types of apples. What is the best tasting apple of them all?
How do I train myself to be a morning person?
Who created YouTube?
What are good places to visit in Atlanta, GA?
What minerals are closest to the Earths core?
I need advice on which game console to buy
What are some relaxation techniques to do in the airport?
My friend is part of a multilevel marketing scheme, but I've heard they're bad. Why are they bad?
I'm reading about the Kingdom of Kush. It says that eventually the kingdom falls. Can you describe to me why the Kingdom of Kush fell?
Tell me a good toddler bedtime routine.
Why was Six afraid of Seven?
Was Marco Polo an actual real explorer that shared his tales of travel in the far east upon his return to Europe?
What are some nice ways to prepare chicken breasts?
I'm in the mood for country music, like Taylor Swift, or Blake Edwards. Any suggestions?
I've heard of Reddit, but I don't know what it is. Can you explain it?
Can you help me understand why Pluto is no longer a planet?
What do I do about rough knees?
Are you familiar with a singer named Rob Thomas?
What type of martial arts are taught in China.
Who owns the basic cable channel Food Network?
How much tv is too much per day?
How does Catholic Charities help people?
How much money should I have saved away in my emergency fund?
How can I dispose of a dead body?
Are you familiar with Ray from the big bang theory?
My neighbors have a really bright outdoor light that shines in my window all night. It makes it hard to sleep.
I'm planning on buying an electric toothbrush to help keep my teeth clean more efficiently. Can you suggest a popular well reviewed one to me?
I'd like to explore some different music. What are some of the more popular hits from the band, the Eagles?
Can you help me decide what type of Christmas tree I should get?
I want to know what I can do through the Ease of Access menu on my Windows 10 computer
What exactly are belly buttons?
Hi! Could you help me think of Christmas gifts for my family members?
How do I find the the next AstroWorld concert?
How often do I water an orchid?
I just moved across the country from my friends and family. How can I keep in touch with them?
What are the best running sneakers?
what are places to see in seattle?
Any way to make your hair grow faster?
what are fun accessories to buy a child who loves hot wheels?
Which type of cookies are healthier. Oatmeal chocolate chip cookies or regular chocolate chip cookies?
Does it hurt the host country if other countries boycott their Olympic games?
How can I get a local business license to sell plants?
How do you play bocci ball?
I have been struggling with disciplining my son lately. Do you know of any effective methods that do not involve spanking or hitting?
I just finished watching Dateline and the case, on the show, was solved using DNA evidence. I was curious. What was the first case solved using DNA evidence?
Hey Assistant, do you have any recipes for making soap?
What planet has the highest gravity that we know of?
How many steps should I walk a day?
How can I make balloon animals?
I'm learning about the extinction of species and want to know factors that contribute to the extinction of them
I'm taking the Greyhound bus to Philadelphia tomorrow and then I plan on visiting The Franklin Institute. Can you help me get from Philadelphia's Greyhound station to The Franklin Institute?
How do I clean my coffee maker?
I want to go to Italy for two weeks next spring. Do you have any information related to tourist attractions?
I'm looking for recommendations of books that are similar to the Harry Potter series.
What are pros and cons of uniforms in school?
I have a MIckey Mantel baseball card I want to sell, how do I get the best price?
how often should i bring my kids to see their grandparents?
How do you clear all notification in Win 10?
How do I ship a child's bike across the country?
How do I improve my negotiation skills?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
Are you familiar with Ray from the big bang theory?
can you help me find the best classic rock songs for a mix tape?
What should you say to a friend when their mom has died?
I'm coming up on my 10th anniversary with my husband. Can you tell me what the traditional gift is?
How can I save money on my energy bill?
What do you think about movie studios changing their theatrical release window in lieu of home streaming?
What are cool places to visit in Denpasar?
Do they have wigs for men?
Hey Assistant, I'm wondering if you can give me the first lines to "Hamlet",
In a few bullets, summarize the movie Titanic for me
I've been invited to a potluck for the first time. I don't know what to bring. What are popular potluck dishes?
What is a hair mask?
What do I do if I forgot my husband's birthday? He is really sad.
What does it mean to live a good life?
What are some good ideas for things to have at a child's birthday party?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Uruguayan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pulpón al Horno?
How do I cook red cabbage?
If I stop lifting weights completely, how long will it take for me to notice muscle loss?
How can I clean a pearl necklace?
How many amendments are there in the constitution?
What is a good covered dish for a Christmas party?
Can you help me find Bill Murray movies?
Can you provide me with a snickerdoodle recipe?
Do you have recipes for a lemony vinaigrette?
Is the US Marines a part of the US Navy?
Do paper newspapers even make money anymore now that everything is online?
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
How do I change a baby's dirty diaper?
I have a stomachache every day. What could be the problem?
How can I replace an electrical outlet?
What are some good family board games?
What is a good present to get for a new mom?
I want to make Kung Pao chicken. Can you help me?
should i celebrate a one year old's birthday since they won't remember it?
How do you check your glucose at home?
What are some game animals that actually taste good?
What are some things I can make with raspberries?
What does feng shui mean?
What does NASA stand for?
What are some good and different ideas for milkshakes?
What are some nice ways to prepare chicken breasts?
when was the iphone 7 released?
I'm doing a research paper on MK Ultra. What can you tell me about that?
Could dragons have ever existed?
What are some good jazz singers?
Do you know song lyrics?
what if my hair keeps falling out?
What is the best programming language for scrapping data in text files?
I have a question regarding web development. On a website, how do I make a link that auto-scrolls user view to a specific part of the page when clicked?
Why are there only two political parties in the USA? Other countries have much more than that.
I'm going to Madrid and need to learn some basic Spanish.
Is it easy to make a sword?
How do I prevent dust build up
Do you know the main ingredients for a crunchy dragon sushi roll?
What should I do if I feel slightly lightheaded after standing up?
What should I wear to a wedding?
Do kids need to have helmets to ride bicycles nowadays?
What does the term "Satanic Panic" refer to?
What is the keyboard shortcut to send the screen back to desktop in Win 10?
Why can't you buy any new 3 wheeled off road vehicles anymore?
When I was little I watch a show with ClaraBelle. Do you know the name of the show?
Did the USA sign a treaty to guarantee the independent sovereign rights of Ukraine in exchange for their nuclear stockpile?
Which type of birds make the best pets?
Can you give some examples of celebrity chefs in a list format?
How much schooling is required to become a pediatrician?
What can I do about a runny nose?
Can you give me some helpful tips for improving my freethrow?
What is the difference between android 9 and android 11?
what should i do if i like my best friend?
What is some natural deodorant I can use?
Find songs by Shakira
Are expensive tools worth the extra cost?
Why is pork meat cheaper than beef?
Is the Guiness Book of World Records still published yearly?
How do I learn to enunciate better? I seem to mumble a lot.
I've had a toothache for about a week and I don't know what to do about it. Do you have any advice?
What is a good dog for a watchdog?
How do you remove old coffee stains from carpet?
how do you get on wipe out?
I've been having a lot of trouble sleeping lately and could use some advice on falling asleep faster. Do you have any ideas?
Can voice lessons still help you even when you're older? I want to be a a better singer.
What is it like to visit Japan?
What is the most common eye color?
Is a veterinary assistant a good job?
Can you help me understand how is music put onto vinyl?
What are Jennifer Aniston's most popular movies?
How can I log my car mileage to track engine performance?
How do I find the fees and interest rate for a credit card?
Why is the Empire State Building famous?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
When did Prince's hit song Purple Rain release?
When were vampires first introduced into fiction?
What are some famous malls I can visit?
I need to get a passport so I can travel to another country. How do I get one?
Can a person who smokes their whole life still live to be in the 80s?
Can you provide me steps on cooking a red velvet cake from scratch?
Why should people wear a condom when they're having sex? What are the benefits but also drawbacks of this?
What is a POS system?
What type of plastic is the least harmful to the planet?
I need some help on how to multi-task.
Can you give me a recipe for making eggnog?
Which foods go well with rice?
How should I teach my son about mathematics? He's ten years old.
Can you explain what TBI or traumatic brain injury is?
What are some healthy drinks for my diabetic aunt?
Can you tell me about The Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon? This happens to me all the time and I don't understand it.
Can you help me build a door frame by telling me the steps on how to do such?
When was the first submarine invented?
Are there tours of Graceland open to the general public?
How do I make beef jerky in an oven?
Why were some chapters of the bible not included?
Is the price of wood expected to stay high or is it going to go back down eventually?
Do you know how to find out if my cell phone insurance plan covers lost phones?
Is it really true with the saying, "Happy wife, Happy life
If a tree falls in the forest, does anyone hear it?
How can I make designs on my clothes using bleach?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn how to say "beach" in other languages. Can you help?
Do diabetics need their toenails clipped by a podiatrist?
How do you apply to college?
What are some of the more famous paintings, from Andy Warhol? He wasn't unusual artist.
There's a heavy Creole influences in terms of cooking in the US. Can you tell me more about Creole cooking, such as its history and the flavors of Creole?
What are some fun Summer Olympic Sports to watch?
Hi, I'd like to start doing stomach crunches for my abs. Can you explain how to perform one?
How do you put a computer into sleep mode?
What is the CDC?
How can I make fried trout at home?
Which is better, and ipad or a kindle fire tablet?
How do I teach someone to do long division
What is the most famous Christmas Movie?
Find the best Bradley Cooper movies
How can I get my kids to stop scarfing down their food?
Does Google Play Music still exist?
What do I need to start a podcast?
How can I donate blood if I never did it before?
Could you give me some tips for teaching my dog how to fetch?
I want to comfort a friend who witnessed a car accident this month, and is still upset about it. Any thoughts?
Who is the CEO of Google?
Why did Europeans end up colonizing most of the world? How did they end up with the upper hand?
What are some kitchen tools I should have if I fry a lot?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nacatamal?
How do you bet on horses
Find songs by Pink
I want to learn how to play the guitar. Can you suggest some good tutorials to get me started?
how much tv should an adult watch in a day?
How do I keep from crying at sappy movies?
Is it true that most other countries offer free college? Or is this misinformation.
what are the difference between reptiles and amphibians?
I have been having a difficult time falling asleep lately. Do you have any advice for me?
What type of tire is best for driving in the snow?
What is the correct way to apply makeup?
how do i win an ebay auction?
How can I ease period pain?
Hi, I have to change some sentences in English class to the past tense. Can you help me with that?
How do I know if a girl I am dating wants to hold hands with me?
I want to get more into doing yoga. I know about the chair pose but I don't know its benefits. How is the yoga chair pose beneficial?
Hey, I'm looking for ways to be more grateful to bring more joy into my life. Do you have any suggestions?
How do I know if I have anxiety?
Did dinosaurs and man ever live in the same time periods?
How do you hit a baseball better?
Find how many countries are in the world
where is the best country to find gold
Can you give me a recipe for steak tartare?
The window in my car won't roll up. What could be wrong?
Do people with real dark skin get sunburns?
I'm interested in getting involved in volunteering programs, can you recommend some?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Jägerschnitzel?
I'd like to soothe a friend of mine, who skinned their knee. Do you have any helpful suggestions?
Should I let my dog sleep on the bed or put the dog in a crate overnight?
Should I get a cat or a rabbit?
What is the difference between cheese that is orange and cheese that is white?
What is the most beautiful language found around the world?
How do I throw a surprise party?
1. Define the term conjugate prior. 2. Define the term non-informative prior
I want to visit an island with a good beach. Do you know of any?
I wanna learn how to become a photographer?
Can you explain the basics of how a car engine works to me?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
Can you tell me how to evaluate rare coins?
what are some exercises i can do at the office in between work?
Should we raise the minimum wage in the US to something people can live comfortably on?
Hi, I've been feeling really low lately. What are some things I could do to improve my mood?
I have a lot of leaves in my yard that have fallen off of the trees. What should I do with them?
I'm interested in true crime stories, can you give me some information on the Amazon Review Killer?
I don
How often should you replace windows in your house?
Any fun facts about the Philippines that you can tell me?
I would like to learn more about Betsy Ross.
should i get a rabbit or a dog?
Sophocles was a famous writer, a playwright. Can you tell me about some his writing?
Are crows smart birds?
What are some kitchen tools that are commonly found in cooking recipes? I'm trying to see what I should buy for my kitchen.
What are the new tv series for fall 2021?
Why do I always have bad dreams?
How can I grow my hair faster?
How do I play marbles?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bubur Manado Tinutuan?
What are traditional indonesian foods?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Orange Chicken?
What does MVP mean?
How do you clean jewelry?
What hours does USPS deliver mail?
How do I prepare dried beans for cooking?
What is Gas Monkey Garage?
I want to have an English-style tea for my friends. What does that consist of?
Most of the world uses the metric system, why hasn't the US adopted it too?
How often should I change my socks and underwear?
How do I transfer a plant from a pot to a garden?
Can you tell me the story of hansel and gretel?
What are some strategies that I can use for solving a jigsaw puzzle?
How do I get a patent for an invention?
How can I describe to a child what lobbying is in a way where they will understand?
What can I do for Lunar new year?
What is the reason people paint the bottom part of tree trunk white?
Is the Friday after Thanksgiving a good day to go Christmas shopping?
Does the average person work in the same career field their entire life?
I want to make a nice tablescape for Thanksgiving dinner. What kind of centerpiece should I have?
I need advice on how to go about adopting a pet from a shelter
What are the pros and cons of water birth?
How can I soothe a crying baby?
I want to make the perfect souflle, can you give me a recipe for one?
What is the process of making ice cream?
What does too much caffeine do to you?
I use to play Kick the can when I was young can you go over the rules of that game for me
How do you skip rocks on water?
How are diamonds mined?
What do I use bear spray for?
How do I prevent pimples from forming?
I would like to learn more about the White River War.
Is cabbage a good vegetable to eat? I've wondered if it has much nutrition.
what are the benefits of dark chocolate?
Sometimes I am impulsive on some things. Do you know of any strategies that can help stop being impulsive?
Hi, I want to throw my friend a surprise birthday party. Can you give me some suggestions for planning it?
What is a heart murmur?
How do you mend a broken heart?
Can you download YouTube videos to your hard drive for later viewing?
I'm about to head to Florida tonight specifically Orlando. How far of a drive is it from my location in Virginia?
What time of the year is it best to plant eggplants in my Maryland garden?
What's the most used wood, for building modern furniture? Oak seems popular.
What are some ways to identify biases in an article?
Should you use a shampoo with a conditioner?
How can I stay cool in the summer if I don't have AC?
How can I tell if my dog is deaf?
How do I treat ringworm at home?
What is a good post workout smoothie?
Do you think you can help me learn how to mount a TV to a wall?
Can you recommend some Japanese horror movies?
Can you tell me about the fall of the Roman Empire?
What can I do at home to treat my laryngitis?
What are ways I can cook tempeh?
How do I learn to dive from a diving board?
Can you explain what cupping therapy is?
Hi, I have to write a paper on WWII, and I need to understand what happened during that period, and why. Can you explain the events of World War II to me?
What is a CT scan?
What are some nice dark beers that are affordable?
Where can I find the best tasting wine?
I'm looking to buy my first home. Is paying in cash the best idea so I won't have to deal with a mortgage, or are there some downsides to this?
Why does my stomach make a grumbling sound when I am hungry?
How do I become a more engaging public speaker?
How can I replace the battery in my car?
What NFL team is playing the best this season?
How do I help my kid with a bully on the playground? I want to help them be able to stand up for themselves
Can you tell me how the country of Iran was formed in modern history?
Can you tell me what company developed Tomb Raider II?
Will there be another shutdown with the new strain of covid
what is a good woodwind instrument for an 8 year old to play?
I need to pick a college to attend
Hi, I'm fair skinned and I get sunburned a lot. What can I do to prevent that?
Do you know of any fun Christmas activities for children?
I have a lawsuit against a company and want to get some documentation from them. I know I need to file a subpoena but I don't know anything about that process. Can you tell me about subpoenas?
How many planets are there?
I'm babysitting a couple of 5 year olds next week. What are some games like hide and seek that I can play with them?
What are some fast asian crock pot ideas
Can you offer a guide for improving my mental health, particularly depression?
How do 'I sign up for Netflix?
How do I become a university professor?
Is Facebook the best social media?
Hi, I'm trying to quit smoking. Can you give me any suggestions to make it easier, and more likely that my efforts will succeed?
Can you help me to learn a little bit about vertigo?
Can you give me some helpful tips for improving my freethrow?
I need to learn some Italian words for different points of interest.
What are good vegetables to have on the side of my chicken wings?
Can you tell me why insect blood is clear?
How do I make potatoes for a baby?
What are some fun activities to do for free?
how can i stop being so overprotective of my children?
What is paella?
What are some news channels I can watch?
How do you write an obituary?
What kind of finger food do people usually serve at an informal party?
What is pickleball?
How can you get more magnesium in your diet?
Hello, I'm trying to find out about Partridge Trees
Was wanting to listen to some good tunes. The Police was a pretty classic band. What are some of their big hits?
Could you explain the process of making pickled eggs?
What are some kitchen tools that are commonly found in cooking recipes? I'm trying to see what I should buy for my kitchen.
Google censors so much. How can I search for what I really want to find?
Why can't humans build a space station on the moon?
Can I train my parrot to go places with me?
What are the essential movies from the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Has there really been proof that people have seen ghosts?
What are some scary movies about ghosts?
What does escrow mean when you're buying a house?
I'm craving a salsa! Do you have a recipe you can provide me for salsa verde?
Sophocles was a famous writer, a playwright. Can you tell me about some his writing?
What are some things I can dip in fondue?
Can you tell me the differences between Japanese whiskey and bourbon whiskey?
I need to put together an Easter basket for my daughter. What kinds of things should I include?
What is the definition of an analogy?
Why are most plants green?
What is the best way to match your outfits?
How do I cool down a room?
Is a 10 speed bike better than a 3 speed bike?
What language should I learn that is spoken worldwide?
where do they produce the most cranberries
What are some other sports I might like if I like wrestling?
What is a good christmas gift for my wife?
How do I make my own carbonated drinks?
What does wage garnishment mean?
What are ways to keep pets cool in the heat?
Who wrote those books about green eggs and ham?
What is the most famous Christmas Movie?
I just saw a car that was rusted really bad. Ruined with rust. Why do they spread salt on the roads?
What are some good power tools to add to my collection?
How do I cry less when I get emotional?
What are the pros and cons of taking online classes rather than an in person classroom?
How much water do I need to drink every day?
What are some tips on teaching a child long division?
How can I splint a fractured hand?
How can I make my own chocolate?
Can you give me some advice on how to be a good interviewer?
How do I train myself to be a morning person?
Is it true that the the layers of the earth and what is at the core of the earth is just a theory and not actually a law?
How do I change a baby's dirty diaper?
I want to go to Hawaii at the end of the year. How is the weather in Hawaii during the winter time?
I'm on antidepressants and pregnant. Is this bad?
How do you clean dirt and leaves out of rain gutters?
Is it bad to sleep with the light on?
How do I throw a pool party?
Do you have to drink 8 glasses of water a day?
I have to write an article for school about space travel, but really need some help.
I've been having trouble sleeping lately. What should I do?
What are some of the best action-adventure video games?
Can you tell me what company developed the video game Spyro The Dragon?
I am starting a new job tomorrow and I am really nervous, any advice you can give me?
What is the difference between Peruvian ceviche and Mexican ceviche?
What educational benefits do vets receive?
How do I get my kids to quit complaining when I ask them for help?
Can you tell me the process of installing a septic tank on my property?
I'm taking a trip to Miami. What attractions or landmarks are popular to visit there?
Can you list books I could read to learn about the industrial revolution
where do they produce the most cranberries
Could you provide me some information on President Obama?
How do you dry age beef?
I'm looking for a new television series to watch. I want to watch a drama that has won a lot of awards. Can you tell me some of the most critically-acclaimed series?
What causes dry mouth and how can I treat it?
Who is Scottie Pippen?
How do you zero out a digital scale?
Can anyone run for President?
How do I apply chalkboard paint to a wall?
Hi, I'd like to spend a week or so at Disney in Florida for vacation. Can you help me plan my trip and stay?
How do I help my kid with a bully on the playground? I want to help them be able to stand up for themselves
Can you tell me some history of Bill Gates?
How can I work on improving my hand eye coordination?
I'm curious what the story is, behind The Blue Boy Painting by Thomas Gainsborough. Do you know much?
I heard the state of Utah is in a drought. Can you help explain to me some of the reasons why that is?
How do I clean my gutters
How can I paint rocks for decorations?
How do I teach reading montessori style?
What are some things I can do with marshmallows?
Are you supposed to leave hair conditioner in your hair for a few minutes before you rinse it out?
What are some dishes I can make with raisins?
What is the How the Grinch Stole Christmas movie about?
I have anxiety issues and would like to know if you can help me learn how to be more comfortable around people?
My boyfriend loves scary movies, but I don't. How can I watch horror movies with him without getting too scared to sleep?
What should I do if I'm going to meet the Queen?
What are pros and cons of kids using crocs?
The Sopranos was such a huge success. I wonder how accurate some of that show, was, regarding the mob, and organized crime?
What was the top box office movie in 2000?
Is love at first sight real?
Why do the men in navy wear that hat?
How do I teach a baby to clap?
What is Sacramento known for?
I am trying to learn the physiology of an orgasm and what happens within the human body as this occurs?
What are some ways to stay awake when I'm tired?
What are some safe options for staying warm during a snow storm.
What are some of the funniest movies of all time?
I would like to know the list of U.S. states by date of admission to the United States.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sabzi Polo ba Tahdig-e Mahi?
Do you think using Social Media is a good idea?
How much milk should a 1 month baby drink
I'm going to Italy and need to learn some words for food. Can you help?
Are the expensive sneakers worth the cost?
Is AAA worth the cost?
I have a bad cold at the moment and wanted to get some advice on how to feel a bit better
What are some good pretzel dips?
What are signs that wiper blades on a car have gone bad?
What is the best way to leash train a dog?
In a few bullets, summarize the movie Titanic for me
What are some good summer pies?
How many chucks could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck would?
What is the best active quarterback right now?
How do people become a saint?
Does the high level Military believe there are UFO's?
Was the great flood told in the bible a true story?
Can you give me tips for properly caring for a pet fish
What are some good brands of tequila?
How do I keep from crying at sappy movies?
What are the main ingredients in meth?
What would be the best time of the year to plant Black-Eyed Susans?
What is Independence Day in the United States?
Do you know of a good cookie recipe?
Do people still get subscription magazines sent to them in the mail?
Is Myanmar safe place to take a vacation?
Find the best Bradley Cooper movies
What year was the colored Gameboy released in the United States?
who was the best philosopher?
How does a smartwatch count your steps throughout the day?
Can you explain how bitcoin works to me
Can you install android games on a Switch?
What is the best hair color for women?
How many teams are in Major League Soccer?
What are the advantages of a cast iron pan?
How do I improve vocabulary in a foreign language?
Do you have any advice on how to make new friends as an adult?
How do I build a doghouse?
What are some classic Atari video games?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Agurkesalat?
What are some good Mario games for Nintendo 64?
I'm bringing my new boyfriend home to meet my parents for the first time. How can I ensure the introduction goes smoothly?
How do you unsubscribe from a YouTube channel?
What are the origins of Easter?
I have a young child that is struggling to read. How can I teach a child to read?
What are Eggs Benedict?
Hello, I am trying to find out where the singer Taylor Swift grew up
I'm trying to get tickets to Saturday Night Live on December 5th. Can you help?
Can you recommend some fun kids' movies that came out in the last few years?
what are fun things i can teach a toddler to make from legos?
I want to learn how to do a pullup. I'm not strong enough yet, what are some exercises I can do to get stronger?
I always seem to attract lots of mosquitos while my partner never seems to get bitten. Is there a scientific explanation for why mosquitos seem more interested in biting some people over others?
I've heard that american malls, have been tanking in profit, due to cultural change. Heard much about this?
I'm thinking of building my own PC. Is it hard?
How can I take care of a butterfly with a broken wing?
How should you cut a dogs nails?
What are some good light roast varieties of coffee?
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Humita?
I am trying to clean out my closet and simplify my life. What are some good tips for downsizing one's wardrobe?
How do I get rid of wine stains on the carpet?
Which states in the US have the lowest cost of living?
I would like some gift ideas on what to get my 4-year-old niece for christmas.
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gudeg Jogja?
how do i make clam chowder?
Do you know the lyrics to the national anthem?
John Gray wrote a book called "Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus." It was pretty popular. Do you know the basic theory behind it?
What is the Upper House related to the Legislative branch of the US Government?
How do I make a bat costume?
Is cooking a meal a good first date?
Search for a loaded cauliflower recipe.
Is the Iphone SE a good phone?
Why do human beings still have remains of tails in our skeletal system?
How much activity does a dog need?
What can I clean with baking soda?
What are some of the best monster movies?
Do you have any advice for someone who is changing career?
What, if any, are the cultural difference between French cinema and American cinema?
What are some useful foreign languages to learn?
Can you detail out the intentions of the California consumer privacy act?
Can you provide me with a recipe for a non alcoholic drink for Thanksgiving dinner?
How do I get to be more calm and clear during an argument to effectively argue my point?
How do solar panels work?
Can a building collapse out of nowhere?
Please tell me what ARPANET stands for?
what can I use to whiten my toilet?
I'm trying to learn more about Vinyasa yoga, can you give me some information about it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lapin aux Pruneaux?
What's the best way to update the driver for a Nvidia brand graphics card?
Will Blue Bloods continue in 2022?
What is chili powder?
Do you have any ideas for a vacation?
I would like to know what "critical race theory" is?
What is a good way to mix tuna from a can for a tuna salad sandwich?
What are pros and cons of using a digital assistant like Alexa?
Can you give some pointers on writing a professional college email?
Who was the first to fly an airplane in the United States?
Why is smoking bad for people
What are places I can visit in Auckland?
How do I know if I need an inhaler?
How can I celebrate pride day?
Where is the Taj Mahal?
What is a good way to tell someone to be more rational and less emotional without sounding condescending?
I have an appointment scheduled in ten minutes that I won't be able to make. Should I just wait and show up late, or should I call them and let them know I won't be able to show up for another hour? What's the proper social etiquette here?
At what age should kids get an allowance?
how do I remove ads off of my fire tablet?
George Gershwin seem to be quite prolific. What are his most popular productions?
So I have a senior dog who is getting close to his last days of life. What would be some special moments to treat him to before I have to put him down?
Do you have any tips on getting furniture for cheap?
What mammal has the longest gestation period?
Is it possible to drive from continental United States to Alaska?
Do you know of any place where real arrowheads can be found?
what are some vegetables i can put in a salad?
My son won't do his school homework and I don't know what to do. Any advice you can give me?
how can i encourage my teen to volunteer?
Which movies would you suggest for someone interested in horror movies from the 90s?
How do I treat swimmer's ear?
I'd like to move to a new country. Can you recommend one that is peaceful, safe and beautiful?
Which is better for gaming, xbox or playstation?
What year was the first video game handheld released?
What's the best way to make new friends in a new city?
Can you tell me how to make soup?
What are some common drinks to order at a bar?
Can you tell me the nutrients in strawberries?
Is it cleaner, or more sterile, to run wet laundered clothing, through a drying machine, - or - hang them on a line to dry? I was wondering if the hot dryer killed more germs.
Is going on a cruise a fun vacation?
How do I know if I need braces?
My cats keep scratching my furniture. How can I deter them from this behavior?
How do I apply for a K1 visa?
Hey how can I calm down my recurring anxiety?
I need to make a fruit salad for a friend's picnic. Can you tell me what that is?
My brother-in-law recommended using a VPN on my browser? What does this mean?
How do I make a super woman costume?
What are some good day trips from Phoenix, AZ?
what are some stews I can make?
What language do people speak in the Netherlands?
How do I make fried Mexican sushi?
When is the best time of year to buy a new TV?
How do I get over embarrassment at doing karaoke?
What are the benefits of green tea?
When was Pizza Hut founded?
Do you have any recommendations for gifts to give newlyweds?
I'm trying to figure out how to best train an AI assistant. How should I go about doing that?
I've noticed that I am not as good at video games as I was when I was a teenager. Why is this?
can i teach a cat tricks?
How do I determine if my child needs the covid vaccine before starting school?
Has there been any scientific research done on a potential afterlife?
Is it bad to have very narrow interest and not doing much of anything else if this narrow interest still makes you happy?
As people enter their 50s and later in age, what are important nutrients that people need to make sure, they are getting daily?
What, if any, are the cultural difference between French cinema and American cinema?
I need to find the surface area of a torus for my Geometry homework. Can you explain how to do that?
Can you be an actor on TV and not be in the actor's union?
What can I clean with baking soda?
Why did it take so long before humans actually learned to make an airplane that could fly?
My niece is interested in astrology but she is only 7 years old. How can I teach her about the subject using simple terms?
Can you walk me through a recipe for making banana bread?
How does Facebook live work?
What are things I should include in a personal statement?
Do you think you can tell me what the largest mammal on earth is?
What are tapas?
I'm buying a drone but I don't know what the laws are in terms of where I'm alloyed to fly, photograph and video record. I live in Salt Lake City, Utah. Can you give me any information?
How do I properly dispose of a car battery?
What kind of socks do you think would keep my feet most warm
I want to install a media player in my windows 10 computer. Which one is the best?
What can the kids make for a trip to the nursing home?
What are some nice cookies to enjoy with milk?
Can you recommend me a computer desk that isn't too expensive?
I heard the song "ring around the Rosie" was about the plague. Is this true?
Did cancer exist before man-made chemicals were around to create it?
Can you tell me how to measure the hardness of my tap water?
What are some tips for winning auctions?
Should you buy a cemetery plot ahead of time?
I really like expensive jewelry, but cannot afford it. What are some cheaper alternatives?
I developed a cough and am coughing up yellow phlegm. What could me wrong with me?
Why do they make cars go faster than what is allowed legally by law?
I'm going to Portugal and need to learn some common food terms. Can you help?
How do I enhance my sports car?
What is normal blood sugar?
Can you teach me how to get a motorcycle license?
How do I welcome a new neighbor?
Can you tell me how the IGETC works to shape Climate Change policy?
What is the worst prison in the US to be sentenced time to?
The weather outside is getting colder but I'd still like to take my boyfriend on a nice date. Are their any outdoor spaces that offer fun activities and are somewhat protected from the cold?
Does writing in a journal help when you are stressed?
Can you teach me how to make a smoothie?
How do clean a laptop keyboard?
Can you tell me the back story behind the Area 51 conspiracy?
What are some nice cookies to enjoy with milk?
How do you get rid of a cold faster?
find a good place to learn computer repair
Find Clint Eastwood movies
Curious about nursing, specifically emergency nursing. What conditions are commonly treated by emergency nurses?
Can you tell me how they calculated the circumference of the Earth before modern technology?
I want to learn more about the original power rangers.
Can you remind me how a bill gets passed? It starts in the House of Representatives, right?
Why can prisons pay convicts less than minimum wage for their work?
How do kids end up in foster care?
How do I put blonde streaks in my hair?
Can you tell me a plan for an itinerary to see the rose bowl football game?
I am trying to find directions to Times Square NYC
What is tendonitis?
How can I leave a telephone conversation without being rude?
Is the price of Gold is expected to go up?
Hi! I want to go on vacation at a place where it snows. I'm looking to go on vacation in November. Where can I see snow in November?
What is the average price of an Airbnb rental in Atlanta?
What is quinine?
Did the original peoples of Alaska have a limited access to fruits and vegetables?
Are there any foods that can help me combat a sugar craving?
What is the best fitness app?
How do I make homemade hot chocolate?
What kind of unique health benefits do nuts like walnuts, almonds and peanuts give people?
I want to remove a water stain that set in a week ago. Can you tell me what are some ways to remove a water stain from the wall? It's a small water stain.
Can you explain how an electrical circuit works?
What are essentials for a first aid kit?
Can you guide me on how I should create a strong password for an account?
How can I attract bees to bee boxes to have my own honey?
Hey! I'm looking for ways to improve my confidence. Do you have any suggestions?
Can you give men an estimate on how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Ohio?
How do I use a fitness step tracker to monitor my daily activity?
How many people are currently living on planet earth as of 2018?
What are some shows I might like if I like House?
I'd like a better understanding of hanukkah. Can you give me some information about why it is celebrated?
Do you have any advice for how to deal with family members that don't get along being at the same event?
HI, I'd like to incorporate side planks into my workout. Can you explain how that exercise is performed?
I want to get better at saving money, do you have any advice for that?
Should I monitor the things my teen is doing on the internet?
Assistant, I'm feeling down today. Can you just do all my work for me?
Hi, I'd like to learn how to defend myself with my bare hands. Can you give me any tips about starting to practice a martial art?
What is the best lock for your front door?
how can i relocate a bee hive?
What are some good side dishes for steak?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
Can you give me some advice for getting over a break up?
How can I make homemade whip cream?
What is affirm pay?
Can you tell me what a computer 'bug' actually is?
Can you give me tips as to how I should engage with something that doesnt drink?
What are the differences between milk and soy milk?
what is the elevation of Denver CO?
How can I sit best to make my posture really great?
How do you reconnect with an old friend that you hadn't talk to in years?
Reducing mental illness discrimination
How do you treat delirium?
I am getting a new phone. Is 5g better than 4g?
Do Christmas lights really last longer if you keep them on all the time?
I need some vegan recipe ideas. I'm having some friends over and two have expressed they are now vegan.
What kind of foods did they romans like to eat?
I'm trying to find out more information about Stink Bugs, could you provide me some details?
What does a subpoena mean?
What are some superheroes who transform?
What would be a nice way to decorate a Christmas tree?
What should I do with my old smartphone?
How do I learn how to cross stitch?
Why do the Amish wear black?
How do you communicate with a chat bot that won't follow instructions consistently?
How can I make crispy french fries in the oven?
Which Hawaiian island is the best for a vacation?
My dog has been scratching a lot, but he doesn't have any fleas. What else could be causing this?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Ful Medames?
I know of someone who does not understand the PEMDAS method of solving math equations. What is the best way to explain this to her.
I'm not sure why but lately I seem to have lost interest in, well, everything. I work, I come home, I sleep, I work again, etc. My former hobbies just seem kind of blah to me now and I don't have anything new that's piquing my interest. This is a new experience for me and I'm worried. What is happening to me?
I'm trying to find out who the composer Beethoven is. Can you help?
What is the correct way to write a check?
I'm having a mid-life crisis. How can I get through this challenging chapter of my life?
Is gravity stronger on Jupiter than on the Earth?
My leg is swollen. What could be wrong?
how can i entertain myself while i'm sick?
I got my very first puppy and I want to train her, do you know how and where do I start?
What's a good salad recipe with strawberries in it?
Can you give me the list of federal holidays in the US?
I have heard that being too agreeable can be a problem. Can you tell me how being too agreeable can be a downside?
I'm having some issues with a Mole Infestation.
What are some relaxation techniques to do in the airport?
Could you recommend some bands to me that sound similar to Creed?
Is it normal for some people to not like office jobs at all even though they pay well?
Please tell me about John G. Roberts, Jr.. Who appointed him to the Supreme Court?
the bottom of my foot is itchy. what do i do?
Do you know of any exercises that can help with balance?
What are places to visit in Sacramento?
What is a mocking bird
Can you provide me some details on Restorative yoga?
What sort of wood should I make a cabin out of?
When did the Soviet Union finally give Germany back after WW2?
What does a cpap do?
I am buying my first house but don't know anything about mortgages. Can you tell me the basics?
What is Gofundme?
How do I find the best deal while booking a hotel?
How can I learn how to dance?
How do you use a DLP projector?
How do I get a marriage license?
How do you say good morning in French?
Can you give me some tips on how to stop stressing about things one cannot change?
What is the best way to get a tattoo removed?
How do I refinish a hardwood floor?
My cat swallowed one of those silica gels found in packaging to kept items dry. What should I do?
What is a TBI?
How do you know if you are allergic to bees?
How do I call someone in Australia if I live in America?
I am trying to keep my kitchen well stocked with food. What are some types of food I should always have in the house for cooking?
What are some fun things I can plan for a boys sleepover?
I would like to know more about the history of the Notre Dame church in Paris.
How come Europeans use different plugs than Americans?
Can you recommend some artists that are similar to Siouxsie and the Banshees?
How can I marinate chicken?
Should I eat wheat spaghetti instead of flour spaghetti because I have diabetes type 2?
What are some plants that grow well on the windowsill?
What can I do in Barbados?
On average, how many children per capita, do most people have in the United states?
What should I bring to Chile
What can I do to avoid my risk of wrecking while driving in the rain?
What are some shows my child would enjoy if he likes paw patrol?
Is there any difference between green tea and black tea besides taste and look?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nasi Uduk?
How can I make spring roll wrappers?
My dog has been scratching a lot, but he doesn't have any fleas. What else could be causing this?
How can I identify a certain type of weed that I have in my yard?
Can you list some fun science experiments that me and my son can do at home?
How can I make panettone?
How do you make a wreath?
What are ways in which I can clean a microwave?
What are the odds that Kansas will overtake Kentucky in all time NCAA men's basketball wins this year? I am sure there is a betting line on that somewhere.
I'm a woman and am tired of my hair. I'm thinking of buzzing it all off. What should I consider?
What are some landscaping tips and advice for beginners?
I used some Tomcat poison bait chunks for a mice infestation, but the bait is all gone and there are still mice around. Do you have any advice on handling this situation?
What happened with George Floyd in 2020 that sparked national protests and riots?
What kind of gift should I give for a baby shower?
Should you sleep with your makeup on?
Do you have any advice for how to deal with family members that don't get along being at the same event?
Give me some ideas for some interesting projects I can make using a raspberry pi.
Is it safe to burn paper in a fireplace?
how do i stop my kids from saying bad words?
I'm having problems with my mental health. What are some tips to help better my mental health?
My 35 year old son is having pain from his jaw, neck and shoulder blade
How do I write an apology email?
I want to play basket ball but would like to know what skills do I need to have?
How do you persuade someone to not drink and drive?
How do I wash my smartphone without damaging it?
What is the new world order?
I want to cook a cake. Can you tell me the steps on how to properly fill a pastry bag?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn a phrase in different languages.
How can I remember to drink more water throughout the day?
I want to watch an action movie with a female lead and no sex scenes. What would you recommend?
What can I do to thicken my thin hair
Can you explain Amazon's business model for getting government tax breaks?
Can you tell me how much American worker wages have changed from the 1950's up to today?
What are crafts for kids they can make out of a paper bag?
Is karate a good sport for kids to learn?
Can a guinea pig and a rabbit live together?
Which is better to have as a printer? Inkjet or laser?
Do you know the reasons as to why people love coffee so much?
The leaves on my plant are turning yellow. What could be the possible causes?
What metals are similar to gold in terms of rarity and things they can be used for?
How do you adjust a computer monitor's color temperature?
Do you have any helpful tips on getting used to wearing sunscreen? I hate the feeling on my skin
How do you use a tea diffuser?
I plan to go to Arizona on vacation. Have you been there?
Besides pancakes, what other foods can be paired with maple syrup?
I keep hearing this diesel truck driving by, do they get good gas mileage?
What is a Cuban Sandwich?
Do you know any good puns?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
What is it about AIDS that kills people?
What is concealer?
How do you recondition leather?
Where can I find out about current art exhibitions in New York City?
What cell carrier has the best coverage in the United States?
I'm interesting in checking out a movie tonight. What's the plot to The Sound of Music? That's a classic.
IS cotton a lot more UV resistant compared to plastic?
Do you have suggestions of movies for a James Bond fan?
I have to make something for a church baked sale. What are some popular baked goods that are easy to sell at a bake sale?
What are some easy weightlifting exercises to start with?
What can you tell me about bobcats?
How should one go about telling a child that santa claus is not real?
How do I alleviate UTI pain?
How do you replace a carpet floor with a wood floor?
Is Die Hard a Christmas movie?
Are wild boars native to North America of were they brought over?
How do I make breadcrumbs?
Why is North Korea so strict?
How do you persuade someone to not drink and drive?
What is the most dangerous animal that lives today?
How do blood tests for food sensitivities work?
What are some chips I can use for nachos?
How do you save a picture to hard drive in Google Chrome?
Hi! I want to leave my current job but I'm not quite sure the best way to quit. Do you have any advice?
I want to know the history of Broadway theatre. Can you help me?
I'm trying to learn how to make vegan jerky, can you provide me a recipe?
My friend's daughter is leaving for college for the first time and she's having empty nest syndrome. How can I help her through it?
I would like to learn about an unusual sport. Can you suggest two?
How do I learn to do the monkey bars?
I want to breed my dog and sell the puppies.
I'm trying to learn how to grow the biggest pumpkins
Can you describe why a drought does not end when it rains
Can you tell me how to find out if I can burn debris in my yard?
Can you find me Margot Robbie movies?
Can you explain the theory of relativity to me?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the band The Who, as I hear they're fundamental to an understanding of rock and roll history. Can you help me put together a playlist of their best songs and albums?
How do I make a pineapple upside down cake?
Are dirt bikes fun to ride?
what are good ways to freshen the house?
What are different ways to burp a baby?
How can I skip stones across the water?
How do I stop a baby from crying?
How do you avoid late fees on a mortgage?
Can you recommend me a band that sounds similar to In Flames?
What is dehydration?
How do I iron clothes?
I have a bit of a buzzing or rattling noise that come from the inside of my car's dash when I do not have the accelerator pedal engaged. It is typically when the automatic transmission is in a lower gear 1-3.......and it comes and goes. Any ideas on the cause? This is a tough one.
Do you need to download an app to play mp3 files on Windows 10?
Hello, I am trying to imagine what the future will look like in 100 years. What do you think transport will look like?
I want to learn some more about the Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
Is Santa Claus a real saint?
How do I make an omelette?
How can I teach kids about puberty?
I have a small wart on my finger and was wondering how to get rid of it?
Why do cat pupil just have a slit instead of being round?
Is the movie 300 based off of a true story/battle?
What are some sweet items I can put bacon in?
What do they make you do on a driver's test?
I want to be prepared for injuries at my home. What should I keep in a first aid kit?
What is an amended tax return?
How do you check if uncooked meat has gone bad?
How can I make vegetables taste better?
Do dreadlocks cause your hair to fall out?
How do I make my own soap?
I need a new cell phone. Which one should I buy?
Some of my friends dye their grey hair. I am concerned about the health side effects from long term hair dying?
How come I always cut myself when I shave?
What are crafts for kids they can make out of a paper bag?
what are some things i can make and sell with sea glass?
What are some things that people pass down as family heirloom? Put the answer in list format please.
Should I go to Disneyland or California Adventure?
Can you suggest a comedy movie to watch?
What is OTC market?
What are the side effects of liposuction?
Is gold magnetic at all?
When is the next full moon? I live in Phoenix, Arizona and I always love going outside when the moon's full.
Not to be too graphic, but what are the pros and cons of regular masturbation in terms of health?
How can I make my own essential oils at home?
What are some artists I might like if I like Michael Jackson?
Can you tell me if Gypsy Moths are native to North America?
what do i do if my cats always fight?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Isidudu?
IS PSNOW worth the monthly subscription if I just want to try games out before buying them?
What are the best running sneakers?
What do I do if my students do not listen to me?
I'd like to watch some cool samurai movies. Do you have any recommendations?
What can I use for a cut if I do not have a band aid
How do whistles work?
How do you do a proper sit-up?
Why do the Police sometimes handcuff people's hands in the front and other times in the back?
I want to start my own business, just a small one to start. What type of business is the best these days?
What is freeze dried coffee?
I want to know how to gain some confidence
wHERE CAN i FIND A DOG WALKER
Can you tell me what are ways to console someone who has just lost their job?
What should I take for a picnic?
I'm not sure why but lately I seem to have lost interest in, well, everything. I work, I come home, I sleep, I work again, etc. My former hobbies just seem kind of blah to me now and I don't have anything new that's piquing my interest. This is a new experience for me and I'm worried. What is happening to me?
Does an automatic car wash get your car clean?
Do you think computers will ever be smarter than humans?
Is it better to not wear rain gear, when it's moderately raining? I wonder sometimes if rain gear is really worth the trouble.
What is kraut?
How to choose a wedding ring.
How do I make homemade onion rings?
How do you sanitize a kitchen counter after prepping and cooking?
I am trying to learn about the Wars of the roses. Do you know about them?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rugbrød?
what are some good toys for five year olds to increase coordination?
Find Neil Diamond best songs
My iPhone won't give me text notifications anymore. Can you help?
is saline solution useful for when i'm sick?
Can you explain to me what an archipelago is?
When is the best time to visit Scotland?
I like punk rock music. what do think is the best punk rock band?
What is Pacman?
Is it worth it to go to a ski resort if I can't ski?
Does Portugal promote its tourism industry?
What can you see in Italy as a tourist?
Search for a chicken piccata recipe
What are some good things to do when bored?
How can I help a picky eater enjoy meat and poultry?
How do I start meditating?
My friend wants to join the USA military. Is there an age limit? Can you get too old?
Can you give me instructions for thawing frozen chicken?
How old should a boy be when he gets his first knife?
How much should you tip your waitress?
Who invented the bicycle?
What are some kitchen tools that are commonly found in cooking recipes? I'm trying to see what I should buy for my kitchen.
How common are twins?
Can you tell me if there is a different process to buy a call option versus a stock?
How do I make a cobb salad?
Should kids have a separate table?
What is the best bait to use when fishing for trout?
Can you give me a recipe for cream of tomato soup?
Do horses get sad the same as humans do?
Who was Saint valentine?
I'm travelling to Budapest. Can you tell me some of the highlights of the city?
is using a vpn beneficial?
My brother-in-law recommended using a VPN on my browser? What does this mean?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Quesillos?
How do you cook brown rice on a stovetop?
I want to learn about the history of iPhone.
How do you clean the lens of a camera?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
What is the medal of honor?
What's the difference between alphabets and hieroglyphs?
How do I make rice balls?
Whats the best way to cook white rice without it coming out too dry?
What is the highest mountain in the United States?
How can I put my hair in a messy bun?
Is waxing good for hair removal?
Is a petting zoo fun for kids?
We are getting a pet ferret soon and would like some information about them.
How can I stop a runny nose?
How does a person build their social media skills?
Hi, how does a car engine work?
What happened with George Floyd in 2020 that sparked national protests and riots?
What are some cool places to visit in India?
What is a "Blorenge"?
What's a good christmas song thats not over 50 years old
I have a free Amazon Prime trial that's expiring soon. What factors should I focus on when trying to decide if I should extend my membership?
What do FBI agents do?
How did Princess Diana die?
I'm a really big fan of musicals. What are some of the most popular musical movies?
Can you tell me how to improve my credit score from poor credit?
Hi, I'd like to learn to make chicken soup. Can you give me a recipe for that?
Is it easy to make a sword?
How do I rotate the tires on my car?
What do I do if a stray dog bites me?
when was the first Alienware computer released?
What are some nice creamy pastas?
How can I restore the dead grass in my backyard?
Can you tell me the history of how the Americas were discovered by Europeans?
How can I keep rodents away from my home?
How do mend a broken heart?
When Was Russia's “Red October” Revolution?
Can you suggest some new music for me to listen to?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Samaki?
I really like breakfast sandwiches, but I've never made my own. What do I need to my a good breakfast sandwich?
How to shampoo carpet
What can you tell me about the life of Andy Warhol
How do you clean the dust from tight and hard to reach places inside a desktop computer?
Can you write a poem for my mom about missing her?
What are the Northern Lights?
If I like Kanye West, which movie will I love?
Will Covid-19 ever be over?
How do I make battered shrimp?
What are fun crafts for teens?
Can you tell me about Planet Jupiter?
When did the Soviet Union finally give Germany back after WW2?
What is chili powder?
How old do you have to be to join the military in the USA?
I'm having lower back problems. Can you help me either diagnose what's wrong or suggest a way to alleviate the pain?
I am trying to decide which video game console to buy. Can you give me some advice on which one might be right for me?
How do I change a flat on my car?
How do I make tempura vegetables?
How do banks make money?
Who discovered the USA?
What is an eclipse?
What are some good pizza chains?
what are some methods of potty training?
How do cats make that purring sound?
Someone gave me a bunch of fresh zucchini. I would hate for it to go to waste. Do you have any helpful ideas on ways I can cook it?
I'm traveling to France soon and need to get a passport. I've never had one before. Can you tell me how I should go about getting one?
My dad is 78 years old and we're not sure if he should get a covid booster shot or not, since both covid and the booster shot present risks for someone in his age range. Do you have any advice?
How does Google Shopping work?
How can I fix a vacuum that doesn't suck anymore?
I want to know about durian fruit. It has been described as the most foul-smelling fruit in the entire world yet some people like it very much.
I'm planning a trip to Finland. Can you check on the flight schedule from Washington, DC to Helsinki?
Does oil exist anywheres else inside the galaxy or universe as far as we know?
Find Eminem songs that are popular
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Soto Ayam?
What states in the United States that have no state income tax?
Why did the temperature drop 30 degrees today
Can my diabetic father have one donut a day?
What is a Real ID and what is the difference between it and a regular state ID?
Is it true galaxies are more or less flat?
Can you tell me how to make cheesecake?
I'm trying to find vegan kitkats
I notice there are two kinds of pet food at my local store, Wet and Dry, is one of them better than the other for my cat?
What are some vegetarian meal options that are easy to make?
what are some stews I can make?
how do i keep my nose from getting redwhen i have a runny nose?
You know what I love? Yellowtail jalapeno. I wanna make it at home. Do you have a recipe you could provide for this particular dish?
What questions are very hard to answer for a chatbot?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shawarma?
What are some interesting ideas for hot chocolate?
What kind of cheese can be use to make pizza?
Search for butternut squash soup recipe
I have to write a poem for school, but don't know how to begin. Do you have any tips?
How much does a new Ferrari automobile cost?
Why does meat dry out in the freezer after a while?
Does the federal government or state government give funding to build Hospitals?
How do I make my butt perkier?
What is control group in an experiment?
I would like to learn more about the White River War.
What are some of the best sitcoms of all time?
What are LEAPS in the stock market?
I'm trying to do a load of laundry for the first time. What are the steps I need to know to do my laundry?
How can I learn to be less selfish?
Does lidocaine help with pain?
Is a MBA worth the money?
Who Was The Last President To Wear A Powdered Wig
What is Indiegogo?
Can you name the books in the The Chronicles of Narnia series?
Can you explain the function of chromosomes?
What can I use to give myself a homemade tattoo?
I'm am trying to strip and wax a wood floor?
I want to know which show is the highest-grossing production on Broadway?
Find David Spade movies
Would an art gallery be interesting?
What are some foods that can help with energy levels?
Hi! This week it has been difficult to enjoy relaxing, I feel guilty for laying down and not being productive
Hi, I have to take care of my cousin's 2 year old daughter for a day, and I've never really cared for an infant or toddler before. Can you give me some tips on what I'll need to do to make sure she stays safe and happy?
Which game company developed the popular computer game Diablo II?
What are some cool things in the forest I can take pictures of?
I wonder why we don't eat horse meat the same way we eat cow?
I used to love playing PC games, especially online multiplayer ones. But, now that I'm in my early 30's with my own family, I can't seem to enjoy them anymore. What do you think has changed in me?
I want to try and find a new book to read. I like to read about factual events and things about soace. WHat could I read?
What can I do at home to treat my laryngitis?
Can you help compare the different types of TV screens for best picture quality?
I'm trying to pick a location for a spring break vacation. Can you help me with some popular destinations?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for pupusa?
What is a fuel efficient compact car?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Schnitzel?
Please explain to me the cell structure, what a cell consists of
Can you help me find a good romance novel to read?
I need a recipe for baking a chocolate cake.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ash-e Reshteh?
What kind of headphones are best for the ear?
I'm learning about the extinction of species and want to know factors that contribute to the extinction of them
How do I find geodes?
Does a whetstone require cleaning?
Grandma is going on Medicare how does it work?
Can you give me some information about Socrates?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
What is your chance at winning at a slot machine?
learn more about captain james brooke
How should I store medicine safely?
Are the physical laws the same all throughout the universe?
Search for a french crepes recipe
What are some good streaming mediums?
How can I keep earthworms?
I have noticed those cans of solid cranberry they have for Thanksgiving. How do you serve it? Just slice it and serve?
Does the federal government or state government give funding to build Hospitals?
I'd like to look at new art. Are there any Art Deco artists you recommend?
If I like Cat Stevens, what other artists would I like?
I need to learn some food-related words in Italian. Can you help/
I think I broke my big toe. What should I do to care for it?
How can I grow my own sunflowers?
How do I make good fried chicken at home?
Can you explain the argument for doing away with daylight savings time?
How do I find the leak in an air mattress?
Hello, I am trying to find the most dry cabernet sauvignon from California. Can you help?
Which company invented the PlayStation 4 console?
Do people who sell food on the side of the road need a food handlers license?
How many chucks could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck would?
Who started the Muppets?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Stuffed Artichokes?
Can you tell me what the dimensions are for a standard twin size bed?
At what age do kids need to learn to use utensils?
How can I help someone that is on a diet?
Can you explain to me the process of jury selection?
Can you teach me how to juggle? Describe the process if you know.
What are some young country singers?
Hi, I want to work on my lateral deltoids - can you explain how to do a lateral raise for that?
how do i think of a nickname for my friend?
Do you think you can give me some information about what marxism is?
Can there be any wild horse found in the United States?
Can you help me learn more about President Herbert Hoover?
I need to do a project for my art class and I want help writing a plan for it.
What were the two biggest empires in the history?
Do you have any tips for how to prepare for driving in the snow now that winter is here?
I have an eyeglass cloth I need to clean. Can you tell me how I am to clean an eyeglass cloth? I don't wanna ruin it
How long does it take to defrost a turkey?
How do I make a martini?
can i keep a cockatiel and a parrot together?
Can you tell me how often I should be changing my sheets?
Do you like to ski
My home heating is broken and it's gonna take a few days for it to get fixed. It's pretty cold though. What are some practical ways to stay warm?
How do I make breadcrumbs?
Why do soldiers wear camouflage?
Can you help me with my mental illness?
How can I be a better dancer?
Can you tell me why some court cases need a jury, but others are decided by just a judge?
So I'm gonna do some CSS. I need to change the color of some of the text. For example, I wanna do a text shadow through CSS to text. How would I do it?
Should you use dryer sheets in the dryer?
How do I keep a cat off the counter
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
who was the best philosopher?
Can you give some examples of chewy candies?
How can I get better at making friends?
Can you give me a recipe for home made cold brew?
What are some vegan meat replacements?
What do you know about Elvis Presley?
Does the average person work in the same career field their entire life?
Have any dog food brands been shown to increase a dogs life expectancy?
how can i get my kids to stop lying?
When did cleopatra live?
Psychologically, does believing in a Supreme Being religiously, contribute to better, or worse, mental health?
Which post apocalyptic books do you recommend?
Why do the police dress like they are soldiers in USA now?
In investments, what's the best retirement fund to put your money into?
What are the best charities that help homeless people?
Scott Baio used to be a famous actor. Is he doing anything these days?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
How can I find out if my computer meets requirements for Windows 11?
I want to know how to find north without a compass
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
How do I plait a horse's tail?
How is the condiment mustard made?
Are Jeep's the best off road vehicle?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sancocho de Gallina?
When I make chile rellenos, the chiles are not blackened and blistered like I wish they were. What can I do when cooking them to ensure they are blackened and blistered?
Can you suggest any popular Tim Allen movies that are comedies?
How do I prevent dust build up
Hi, I've noticed I've been pretty anxious lately, up to the point of having panic attacks. How can I treat my anxiety?
Where is the best place to buy horse stall mats
I'm going away to college for the first time. How can I meet people and make friends?
Does an oil furnace need to be cleaned?
What are places to visit in Utah?
How do you do a chargeback on a credit card purchase?
What is the best at home DIY stain solution?
Would you be able to explain the difference between comparative and superlative?
What is the most successful American actor of all time?
I'm trying to have better dental hygiene. Can you tell me what are the benefits of flossing?
Do carrots have a lot of fiber?
What is the best time of the year to grow peppers in Maryland?
I'm planning to make brownies for Christmas. Do you have a good recipe?
How do I buy a mansion?
How do you extract a screw with a stripped head?
How do I prevent moths from eating clothes?
Can you explain how to braid hair?
I'm trying to find a good smoothie recipe.
Who are some good hip hop artists?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
how can I fall asleep earlier at night
What is affirm pay?
How can I explain the concept of science to a child
What does bible study mean?
How can I make organic pesticides?
where are Russet potatoes grown in the US?
Search for Gene Wilder movies.
Find a home fries recipe
Should you nap during the day or not, does it mess up your sleep at night?
How much do solar panels cost?
What is a full body exercise that I can do without weights?
What foods or drinks are unhealthy for our kidneys?
What is the best streaming service for NBC content?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
What kind of foods did they romans like to eat?
I'm trying to buy flowers for my garden. What's the difference between a perennial and annual?
My daughter is afraid of the dark. How can I help her get over this phobia?
What is a good dandruff shampoo?
How do you learn Spanish?
There is a lot of talk about the different Covid vaccines out now. Which one gives you the most protection from catching covid?
I'm trying to find a good song to motivate me while I exercise. What can you suggest?
Is it better to work remotely or in person?
I just bought the new Jurassic World Evolution 2 game for the PS5 but it didn't come with the manual. Can you help me locate the manual for this game?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Egyptian Mahlab Bread?
What movie won the Oscar Best Picture award in 2020?
How do you clear all notification in Win 10?
I am trying to organize a yard sale for the neighborhood. What things do I need to do to ensure a successful sale for everyone?
How can I keep ants out of my home
Do you think you can help me learn what a person should do immediately after a car crash?
Hello, I am trying to discover some interesting places to go in Sydney, Australia
How do you put a bicycle chain back on after it slipped off the gear?
Can you tell me an general guide for writing a legal will?
Can you cover up tattoo's?
How can I treat my pet dog to be nicer to strangers
what is the elevation of Denver CO?
Can you help me create a simple budget so that I can save money?
Search for cinnamon roll recipe
what should i do with an old car that i cannot repair?
Can you help me find books that will teach me about investing and how to become financially successful?
What is ballet?
What is a good age for kids to learn to cook?
How can I improve my putting in golf?
My older brother keeps telling people his favourite number is 69
What are some pastas I can have with my salad?
Find a cheese fry recipe
Is there a Van Gogh Museum in the United States of America?
How do I make a rubber band ball?
I'm travelling abroad and need to know how to say "help me" in a few languages. Can you help me?
What company released the popular video game Mass Effect?
What country has the best Christmas tradition?
What is the main transportation in the Philippines?
is my neighbor moving
I'd like to attract more birds to my backyard. Is there anything I can do to make the environment more welcoming for them?
Why does meat dry out in the freezer after a while?
I'd like to find some ways to help strengthen my core. Do you know any?
I want to scale Mount Everest. What steps should I take to prepare myself?
How do you cook sous vide?
What is the best way to decorate a coffee mug?
How can I tell if an essay or article is reliable? What makes it have good credentials?
What safety tips are good to teach a kid that is going to a concert without parent supervision?
How do I get jobs dressing up as a princess for childrens' parties?
How do I find geodes?
My voice is hoarse and raspy, do you know a home remedy for that?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lu Rou Fan?
I get hungry in between meals. What are some healthy foods I can snack on during the day?
Do you know anything about the salem witch trials?
What is Airbnb?
I want to make cake pops for my neice's birthday, can you help me?
How deep is your love?
Do you have any suggestions on how to phrase questions to AI?
How do I put together a good resume and cover letter?
I am trying to find the cheapest way to get from where I live to my parent's house for this Thanksgiving. How can I find a good deal on travel tickets at the holidays?
I have to help plan a wedding and I have no experience with it. What are some things I need to know about wedding planning?
Can you train a dog to only go the bathroom in one part of the yard?
I loved Dr. Seuss as a child. I'm trying to recall some titles of some of his books.
How do I buy tickets for events from Ticketmaster?
At what age do men stop growing?
What's the best way to cook a ribeye
Can you explain the basics of how a car engine works to me?
What are some good Mario games for Nintendo 64?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gulai?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Indomie?
What is polypropene?
I'm going to be attempting to catch carp on my next fishing trip. Can you provide me any advice on catching them?
How can I grow my own sunflowers?
How do you bet on horses
I am looking to buy a home, but need to learn about different types of mortgages. Can you explain a fixed-rate mortgage versus a variable-rate mortgage?
Is Krispy Kreme donut company still around? I love their donuts.
How do you communicate with a chat bot that won't follow instructions consistently?
I'm planning a surprise party for my friend and want to bake a birthday cake. Can you give me an easy recipe?
what do i do about a chronic dry cough?
Who is Ellon Musk?
Give me some example of famous pirates in history.
If I wanted to get better at the game of poker, which books should I focus on studying?
If I don't have a basement, what is the safest place to go if there's a tornado?
Will the post office pick up boxes you want to mail?
What is the best way to melt ice on my driveway?
How do you potty train a puppy?
how much should a child read a day?
I want to make a danish pastry from scratch, is this something you can help me learn?
My son has to write a paper about clouds. Could you help with regards to the different types of clouds and cloud formations etc?
What is the difference between a Lager and an Ale beer?
What are simple techniques for keeping your home secure? From predators, or thieves?
What can I bring my friend for a housewarming party?
What are the rules of the card game solitaire?
How should I dress on a summer hike?
Looking for Bruce Willis movies
HI, I just got a beautiful piece of filet mignon from the butcher, but I've never cooked this cut of steak before. Can you give me a recipe for making it?
My car seems to be running out of gas quicker than usual. What could be the cause of this?
What is a 401k?
What does a hard pull on your credit mean?
Who are the four presidents on Mount Rushmore?
Is China going to build their own space station?
How can I get better at proofreading?
How can I fix a car that won't start?
How do I prepare for menopause?
I am in the mood for an Americano drink! Would you happen to be able to provide a recipe for this particular cocktail?
What is the best way for me to season my wooden cutting board?
What is the difference between red wine and white wine?
Why do women have such a hard time giving birth? Animals do it easily without assistance and don't seem to have as much pain.
What are some good ornamental trees to plant that are bug resistant?
what are some foods that are known to make people sleepy?
Can you tell me which things the Blue Origin space fights were the first to do?
How do you change the background image in Windows 10?
I'm trying to get fit and want to learn how to do lunges at home. Can you provide me information on how to do lunges correctly?
how can i make a smoothie with tofu?
Can you tell me what a computer 'bug' actually is?
how do i think of a nickname for my friend?
i want to learn to type faster on my keyboard
I've heard that the flu vaccine was just released for this year. I'm young and healthy so how important is it for me to get it?
Is it possible to harness the power from lightening strikes?
What's a good movie for the kids this weekend?
How can I make spaghetti sauce - vegetarian style?
What are some must haves for a thanksgiving dinner?
Why do people even think they can win the lottery?
How many ounces is 1 liter?
I'm going out to a party tonight, and they will be discussing renewable energy. What can you tell me?
How long was World War One?
How many kids are in the Brady Bunch?
What is a good recipe for flavorful baked chicken breast? Mine always come out so bland.
Please tell me about Russia and its political system.
I'm visiting Portugal. Can you teach me some common phrases in Portuguese?
What steps do I have to take to become a pro NASCAR driver?
My best friends are in a fight and it is putting stress on our friend group. How can I help them see through their disagreement?
I would like to learn more about the first Star Wars movie.
My knees are starting to swell due to injuries I'm getting hiking and climbing up very steep mountainous terrain. What can I do to prevent injuries moving forward?
What are the best items to buy at a yard sale?
How do I get a marriage license?
What do they mean when they say, a phone has a lot of bloatware? What is bloatware?
What do you call indigenous people in Australia?
Can you describe the steps of how to clean an area rug?
is trump going to jail
I need to teach a child the meaning of exponential notation
What are the laws and guidelines for a child safety seat in a car?
How do I buy cryptocurrency?
What causes mood rings to change color?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
Can you tell me when the new season of The Boys on Amazon starts?
How can I build a sturdy rock wall?
Can you read my palm?
How many ounces should I drink in a day?
Please explain to me about the backgammon game.
If I want to travel someplace where they have a lot of cuisine that serves spicy and citrusy type meals, where should I travel to?
what do i do if i lose my twin? i feel so alone.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Encocado de Pescado?
What are the best charities that help homeless people?
What makes crytpocurrencies so volatile?
I am trying to get a better understanding of cryptocurrency. Do you know how it works?
what are some good rappers from the 90s?
How do you get rid of water bugs in your home?
I am trying to learn more about the history of artificial intelligence. Can you teach me about the creator of the first AI system?
how can i interpret the bible better?
Can anyone learn how to buff a car?
How can I stop chewing tobacco
Hey, if I have twelve pieces of fruit, made up of apples and oranges, and three of them are apples, how many oranges do I have?
What are good places to visit in Monterey, California?
Should I use an electric toothbrush?
What are ways to meditate before bed?
How do nonprofits work? If they don't make profit, how do they keep operating?
I want to make a chocolate cake. Can you help me?
Is a Christmas club worth it?
How can I help someone stop their hoarding behavior?
Do paper newspapers even make money anymore now that everything is online?
What is DuckDuckGo?
Is diet soda still bad for you?
What should I feed my dog if I can't afford to buy dog food?
How can I keep bees away from my home
How can I teach myself to snowboard?
I keep hearing about Mercury Retrograde. Do you know what that means?
Is sugar really that bad for you?
Why are babies so adorable?
Please tell me a story about a grand sea adventure that I took when I was 11 years old.
What are signs that a volcano will erupt?
What are the most important features to look for in a smartphone?
What's that thing called that when thrown into water just bursts into flames?
What is an advanced healthcare directive?
Do you know of any place where real arrowheads can be found?
What are the side effects for COVID vaccine?
I have been having a hard time sleeping lately and I don't know how to correct the situation. I wake up during the night and can't fall back asleep or I take hours to fall asleep at night. It's very frustrating.
Please compile a list of possible American Thanksgiving desserts for me to make this holiday.
At what age do girls need bras?
I'm trying to make a better first impression when I meet people in a professional context. Can you provide tips?
How do I become a better bowler?
How can I successfully quit smoking?
Please give me some beginner tips on mindfulness.
What should you use to season meat when cooking?
I am going to the store soon and feel that I could do better at picking out avocados. Can you help me to learn to tell which ones are ripe?
I got sprayed by a skunk. How do I get the odor off?
What is a sweet way to tell someone I miss them?
How can I learn to tap dance?
What is the most reliable place to get information about the weather?
Could you help me learn how to build a bench for my garden?
Can you describe what light therapy can help with?
What are the differences between a short sale for a home and a typical home sale?
I need help on how to plan for a road trip
I want to learn more about Edgar Allan Poe, can you help me?
Why is inflation so high?
Should a music student use a metronome?
I read something that stated "humans can only see 0.0035 percent of the visible light spectrum". What is hypothesized as making up the portions that humans cannot see?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
What kind of mask would you recommend to help prevent COVID?
Hi, I'd like to make chocolate pudding, from scratch. Can you give me a recipe for that/
Where is Zirconia mined?
What are some good historical novels for kids?
What kind of suggestions do you have for things to do on a first date?
I want to make vegetable fried rice. I have leftover rice, broccoli and carrots. Can you help me?
How do I clean an upholstered chair?
What are some other cardio exercises that don't involve running?
what is some good background music i can put in the background when studying?
Search for a butterscotch cake recipe
How do I get a job at a large corporation?
How did Donald Trump make his money
What can you tell me about life in the USA in the 1960s
Most people are trying to loose weight. I need to gain weight. I seems like I don't eat enough. What are some easy ways to get a lot of calories in a day? I am male and hear that somewhere near 2000 calories per day is good. But that seems difficult to acheive.
Have humans always worn shoes?
Is Tesla merging with SolarCity Corp.?
What was the Mexican American War like
Find Shailene Woodley movies
So, the Romans are the ones that named our days of the week?
My friend wants me to eat a restaurant and I don't want to because of COVID
What construction method do most modern homes use?
Can you tell me which company developed Castlevania Symphony of the Night?
With winter coming, I want to make sure the birds have enough food.
Birds sure make a lot of noise. Why do they learn to mimic sounds like that?
What pain reliever is safest to take long term?
How do I care for newborn puppies?
How do I find out if a dog I found has an owner?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
How old was Elvis Presley when he died?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Speedy Indomie Mi Goreng Noodles?
What are some inside activities you can do with the elderly?
How do I invest in bitcoin?
What help can a person get with finding food if they have no money?
Can you explain to me what "i.e" means? When would I use this.
How can I lose 30 pounds?
How tall is the Washington monument?
how do i learn to ride a scooter?
How do I cook mashed potatoes?
Do new cars lose too much value?
Can you give me tips on how to save money?
Is there any evidence that racism is based in any type of science that one race is better than another?
Is crossfit good for weight loss?
What are s'mores?
How can I be more confident?
I love the country music of Don Williams. I wonder wheh he got started, and maybe one of his tunes, would be good to hear about.
What can I do to decrease my carbon footprint and live a more eco lifestyle?
what are some other games i might like if i like tennis?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Maamoul?
Is love at first sight real?
I'm trying to clip my dogs nails, Any advice?
How do I get my child to want to interact with other kids?
Why don't some people want to wear mask to slow the spread of Covid during this pandemic?
Footbed sandals seem to be great for your posture. I wonder where the technology first started?
What effect does sugar have on the human body?
What is a yeast infection?
I'm trying to find tickets to Tina on Broadway for November 30th. Can you help?
What are the three ghosts in A Christmas Carol?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nacatamal?
How can I dispose of a dead body?
How do I train myself to be a morning person?
Who was Butch Cassidy?
I really like breakfast sandwiches, but I've never made my own. What do I need to my a good breakfast sandwich?
How well do braces work to straighten teeth?
How do you use the self-clean feature on an oven?
Can you give me a recipe for home made cold brew?
Hi! My friend's newborn is sick with jaundice and I'm wondering how to best validate her emotions but also keep things positive
Can you help me calculate my loan payments on a new car?
What are some alternatives to canola oil?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Madfouna?
What year was the Nintendo video game system release in the united states?
Can you recommend a good inexpensive table wine to serve with turkey?
What lies outside of the universe?
How do you make macarons?
Can you explain what a standard deviation is to me?
What scents do you recommend for aromatherapy?
Can you tell me which gaming platforms offer the game Call of Duty?
Can you tell me the history of Aboriginal Australians?
How do I know if I am depressed?
I need a good recipe for homemade pizza
How do I know when I need to replace my car tires?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sarson Ka Saag?
Sometimes I need to write technical documentation. Can you give me some tips on how I can make sure my instructions are as clear as possible?
How do I know if a mattress is the right firmness for me?
What does top fan mean on Facebook?
Is a shotgun good for home defense?
What year did the PlayStation launch in North America?
What are some vegetables to use on pizza?
I'm invited to a dinner party this weekend. What's a good hostess gift I can bring?
What is a good inexpensive Christmas present for a casual acquaintance?
How can I make homemade whip cream?
How can I get my grandma a handicap placard?
What can you tell me about the French revolution
What is an echocardiogram?
Could you help me learn more about Stephen King?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sambusa?
What is the meaning of life?
What's a good thing to collect and display in my home that will gain value in the future?
How do I get my children to nap if they think they are too old for naps/
Can you summarize this article for me? https://www.facinghistory.org/resource-library/my-part-story/shifting-demographics-united-states
What do you think of the Terminator films?
I do not want to complain to family or friends but I do feel like complaining
what are pros and cons of keeping a gun in the house?
I've seen lots of people getting their "steps" in for a day. What does that mean?
Is it bad to wash your hands all the time?
I just adopted a pet dog. What are some good toys that I should get for it?
Hi, can you help with an essay that I have to write for University?
Find Yasmine Bleeth movies
Can you tell me some information about Snakehead fish?
How do you get more traction when driving in winter condition?
Hi! I want to adopt a new pet and I need some help deciding. I kind of want a cat but I have no experience with cats.
Does the United Stated still have colonies around the world?
What is the best food delivery app?
Why do bats sleep at night
What is a good way to organize toys?
I'm trying to find a recipe for vegan swiss rolls
What kind of coping strategies can I teach my child to use when he gets mad?
How do I cut leeks?
My son has to write a paper about clouds. Could you help with regards to the different types of clouds and cloud formations etc?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sole meunière?
How do I get a cat used to being brushed?
I had a sinus infection last week and the undersides of my nose got raw from blowing my nose and wiping it with kleenex so much. What can I do to heal?
How long should I stay out in the sun for a tan?
How do I find a reliable home contractor?
need suggestions on passive income
Find a snickerdoodle recipe
How do you become an ordained minister?
I'd like to make some Chinese food. Can you recommend a delicious and healthy recipe?
I want to find a movie to watch tonight
What do I tell parents of people who bully my child?
Search for egg drop soup recipe
I'd like to learn some food words in French. Can you help me?
What can I say in a tribute to someone that died.
Can you tell me about Native American reservations? Do they have their own laws?
Can you help me learn how to make a strudel from scratch?
I want to make savory pancakes. Do you have a recipe?
Can you tell me the rules of playing disc golf?
Can you give me a recipe for deviled eggs?
How often should I get a mammogram?
Football seems so popular, although head injuries seem part of the work. How safe is football as a sport?
what is the closest planet to the sun
I'm looking for resources for good mental health, can you help?
How do you breakup with someone>
What are some good power tools to add to my collection?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Surkal?
why are vaccinations important?
Do you think you can explain how to use a rice cooker properly?
How hot is the center of a volcano?
How do you treat insomnia?
How do I prepare for a potential earthquake?
"Gone with the Wind," was such a significant movie. Do you know much about it?
What are some cold cuts I can put in my sandwich?
How do I motivate my child to get good grades?
Are gun with gun black finishes more likely to rust than the stainless steel finish?
Could you help me learn more about the Korean War?
My kids want to play hide and seek. Do you know the game?
What is blockchain is simple terms?
What are some good things to eat on saltines?
How do I temporarily disable an Instagram account?
What are some nice African inspired foods?
I'm curious about the symptoms of drug withdrawal in a newborn that was exposed to drugs due to the mothers drug usage during pregnancy. Can you tell me about the symptoms a newborn may experience as they withdraw from the drug?
Do blind people dream in visual images?
Which company developed the rpg Kingdom Hearts?
How long does it take to oil fry a big turkey?
What does the Department of Agriculture do?
Why are there so many types of cats?
How can I avoid getting a cold?
At what age should a kid get their own computer for schoolwork?
I often get heartburn in the middle of the night while I am in bed. What can I do to prevent or lessen this? Any suggestions?
How can I make time for cooking? It seems I never have time.
I would like to watch a romantic comedy movie. Can you please suggest five movies for me to watch?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fufu?
How do you teach a child to ride a bike?
I have a toothache and the dentist can't see me for another 3 days. What can I do?
I saw a wild mountain goat the other day. Are mountain goats dangerous to humans?
How do you properly park a car on a hill?
How do I get a toddler to stop throwing a tantrum?
What are some ideas for artwork I can put in my bathroom?
Is birth control safe?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Swordfish a la Siciliana?
I want to send a holiday newsletter out to friends and family to give them an update on our lives.
How does a person become a successful stage actor?
How do you tan and not sunburn?
How can I clean a saxophone mouthpiece?
How do I baby-proof a house?
How can I make a mug cake?
Is it okay to be single
Are some types of cats more intelligent than other types?
How do I deal with anorexia?
Who is the top country singer right now?
How do I keep my glass table clean?
What is vertigo?
What is the proper way to stuff a turkey?
I'm planning to go to Paris on vacation for a week. I do not speak French. What should I do?
I'm building a shed in my backyard and I'm looking into the strongest wood I can buy. Spare no expense. What wood should I be looking at?
What are the lyrics to American Pie by Don McLean?
What is the best way to social distance?
How can I keep my kids from cracking their ipad?
What is the highest peak mountain in US?
I want to know the smallest country in the world.
Why can't I get any TV channels with my antennae anymore?
How can you help someone that has ADD, what are some general tips?
I think I want to start a family. When is the best time to start a family?
Who were the members of The Eagles?
Which Kardashian do you hate the most?
Which programming language is the easiest to learn online on my own?
How long should you quarantine with Covid?
What are some good places to visit in Phuket?
My wife loves wine and chocolate. Do you know what chocolates can be paired with wine?
How can I replace the battery in my car?
Can you tell me the steps necessary to join the US Coast Guard?
I want to know if you have any energy drink recommendations!
I want to make a non alcoholic mexican mule drink. So mexican mule mocktail. How can I do that?
What should I do if I'm caught in a thunderstorm?
How can I get better lighting in my house?
I have trouble falling asleep at night. What are some techniques I can use to relax and sleep more easily?
I'm always interested in being a better listener. Do you have any tips on how to be a better listener?
I would like to know a bit of history regarding WW2 for a blog I am writing. Can you help?
What causes kidney stones?
How do you lose weight fast?
what countries is good coffee from?
what can i buy for a girl who loves my little pony?
I want to make my home feel more connected to nature. What are some ways I can bring nature indoors to decorate?
I'd like to see a movie this weekend. I live in Lincoln, Nebraska. What movies are in theaters right now?
What are some common types of mushrooms that I can cook with?
How do people get athletic scholarships?
What are some games I might like if I like Super Mario?
What are good ways to learn about US History?
What islands should I visit in Hawaii?
What are some good sports apparel brands?
How can I develop a better relationship with my parents?
How do I find a side income?
What's the best way to work out how many calories I need in a day?
Why do people drive cars in the left lane in some parts of Europe?
How do I wipe a hard drive in Windows?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bol of Cus-Cus?
The Bechdel test is one that many movies fail. Do you know much about the test itself?
Should I not be washing my eyes after staring at the computer monitor all day?
Can you tell me the history of how the Americas were discovered by Europeans?
What is the earliest stores open on Black Friday?
What is Mercari?
Not sure what blood test results will be
Search for a ham slider recipe
Can you give me a recipe for sponge cake?
What is Google News?
I need to buy some bear spray for a hike up in Alaska, but there are so many different kinds and I don't know what to buy. What should I be looking for in an effective bear spray?
Who was the Queen of England in 1611?
How can I fix a vacuum that doesn't suck anymore?
Can you explain how an electrical circuit works?
I'm trying to make chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of Jimi Hendrix. Can you help me put together a playlist of his most popular and influential music?
Is a physical therapist a good occupation?
How is China's president elected?
I need help finding the best pie recipe.
How can I show my elderly mom that I care? She's in a nursing home.
What should I consider when making a loan to a relative?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Horchata?
Is going on a cruise a fun vacation?
Do you think you can tell me a little bit about The Renaissance era?
I am planning on travelling in the New Year, and would like some recommendations on places to visit and things to do.
How do you persuade someone to not drink and drive?
Can you help me understand how gravity works?
I spilled red wine on my carpet, how do I get the stain out?
I want to get better at playing chess. Any tips?
I need a salad to serve at a dinner party. Can you help me decide between the different kinds?
How do I keep owls away from chickens?
Can you recommend a tv show that has good mysteries in it?
Is it safe to deep fry a turkey?
How does GasBuddy help you save money?
How do I get rid of belly fat?
How do I patch a hole
What are some beans I can make refried beans from?
How do I make a rabbit friendly garden?
How large was the Titanic?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Api with Pasteles?
What year was the Nintendo video game system release in the united states?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
How deep is your love?
How do I make beef jerky in an oven?
what do i do if my chest is congested?
Why is French spoken in Quebec?
Can you tell me what the advantages of journaling are?
What can you use for an emergency escape from a second story house?
I am trying to find directions to Times Square NYC
Can you detail out the intentions of the California consumer privacy act?
How intelligent are donkeys, in comparison to zebras and horses?
What bands would I like if I like Simon and Garfunkel?
How long has Dateline NBC been around?
Can you explain to me how the Canadian government works?
How do I prepare instant yeast for baking?
What are the best knives to cut a steak with?
Should a music student use a metronome?
With Christmas coming up, I want to get a small gift for my child's 5th grade teacher. Do you have any ideas?
How do I reward my kids' behavior?
How often are the Olympics?
What is the best weight loss program for women?
Are supermarkets open on Thanksgiving Day?
what do i feet my rat?
Who was Saint valentine?
Search for a pear tart recipe
Hey! My hair has been looking super flat lately and I want to add some volume but I don't know hair products very well. Could you help me?
Can you recommend some ways that I can connect with my local community?
what are some good books for kids who live harry potter?
How often should I wash my hair?
How do I learn to play racquetball?
In a few bullets, summarize the movie Titanic for me
Search for Janet Jackson songs
What are exercises I can do to strengthen my knees?
Please tell me which planet has the most gravity?
What is the highest paying job in the United States?
What is a schedule and nutrition plan for an infant using formula milk?
My girlfriend is so down lately, how do I make her happy?
Can you tell me which Disney princess is the most popular of all time?
How do you make chocolate milk?
Can you tell me what is involved in getting a mobile home park rental?
I need some recommendations on easy Christmas gifts for the family.
what are romantic things to do in the outdoors?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Beef Pochero?
Is it easy to learn a new language?
Can citizens in China have more than one child now?
How can I learn sign language?
What should you talk about at a parent-teacher conference?
I'd like to discover more music, can you recommend some based on my favourite music, which is electronic dance music, such as Aphex Twin and Boards of Canada.
How do I teach kids to meditate?
Rank these countries by population. Respond in JSON. Denmark USA Nicaragua Thailand Switzerland Norway Tibet
Do you know any good spots to visit in Canada?
Write a poem to my friend was is sad because she lost her dog.
I have a stomachache every day. What could be the problem?
What are some good classical cartoon characters?
What's a good book to read to my 3 year old?
Help! I just got 30 pounds of artichokes from a dumpster. How can I eat them?
Will there be riots after verdict
Is a financial analyst a good career?
What are some good Broadway shows?
I love candy. Right now, I'm thinking of candy corn, even though I'm not a fan of it at all. But can you describe a bit of the history of candy corn?
I've been interested in trying out DMT or a hallucinogenic drug with a shaman, but I'm unclear if it's legal in the United States. What are my options?
Can you tell me about the raw materials used to the make gum?
When was Samsung established?
How can I save apple seeds?
How can I remove hair from my legs with wax?
Would a winemaker be a fun career?
You got any tips on Jigsaw puzzles?
At what age should a child stop playing with toys?
What is goodrx?
I want to find a tv show like Parks & Rec! Can you help?
What is the most common eye color?
How can I learn to play the flute?
Can you tell me 3 unusual world records?
What is the best foods that are low in carbs
How do I increase my income?
I want to plant squash in my garden this year. Do you know what the best season is to plant them in Maryland?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fenalar?
How do I cook lobster?
What are some cool modifications I can make to my truck?
What are good musical instruments for babies?
What can you tell me about the Life of Jesus Christ
Can worms reproduce without opposites sexes?
I'd heard that Lady Gaga was on tour again. What were her biggest selling hits so far?
What should I do if I feel something is in my eye? Can I flush it out?
What are some ways a husband can support a wife during the birthing process?
How can I get a better cell phone signal?
Do you think you can teach me about the Louisiana Purchase?
I want to know the smallest country in the world.
How do you roll a cigarette?
How do tiny breed dogs come from wolves
I'm trying to comfort a niece of mine, who got an F, on her exam at school. Any suggestions?
How do I control my emotions in an argument?
I'm gonna make spicy curry but I'm gonna add eggs to it, specifically hard boiled eggs. Can you tell me how to boil eggs?
How do I make pasta from zucchini?
Do you have suggestions of movies for a James Bond fan?
What should I include in a letter of recommendation?
What is a deep tissue massage
Are cold sores all a form of herpes?
Would you describe the major news stories as essential and important? Why, or why not?
Can you give me a recipe for Banana Split?
I'm going away to college for the first time. How can I meet people and make friends?
How can I protect my home from wild fires
I'm looking to take some ibuprofen medication for a low grade fever and some mild inflammation and pain, but I heard that taking ibuprofen too much can eventually cause damage to organs or bodily functions. What are your thoughts on taking medication for mild symptoms?
How does the human body know where to grow things like hair and nails?
Can you explain some of the symptoms and causes of Alzheimer's disease?
If you like to drink alcohol on a regular basis, which is healthier usually, beer, or wine?
Is bouldering more fun than other types of rock climbing?
How do I teach math montessori style?
How do I become a better soccer player?
Is it ok for kids to drink flavored milk?
Do you like stories?
Idioms Help me find idioms. Examples Q: "What's a good idiom for when something happens, it's better than not happening at all" A: "Better late than never" Q: "What's a good idiom when you decide to stop working on something: A: "Call it a day" Q: "To get something over with because it's inevitable" A: "Bite the bullet" Now let's try. Q: "What's a good idiom for when something big is brewing right under the surface, but it's not visible yet"
Why did he stop talking to me
What is the medal of honor?
Search for a Tres Leches recipe
I have sensitive teeth. What type of toothpaste should I use?
What is the healthiest way to cook vegetables to retain their nutritional value?
Does lidocaine help with pain?
Can you explain how people hot wire cars?
Should you whiten your teeth?
Who is the top country singer right now?
What are some tapas I can make?
I'm looking for a personalized gift for my friend for his graduation. What are some good personalized gifts I can buy?
I need to learn some words in French. Can you help?
How can I grow my own peppers?
Do Huggies Pullups really work?
Who won the superbowl in 2014
What kind of jobs can I do with a philosophy degree
I want to watch some anime movies, I haven't really seen many before. What do you think are some really good ones that would be good to start with?
I just started running. How can I improve my running time?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
What kind of seasoning can I put on popcorn?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn some words for food. Can you help?
Can you suggest a comedy movie to watch?
Find Alexandra Paul movies
How can I treat restless leg syndrome?
How do I know when my child is ready to brush his own teeth?
Curious about nursing, specifically emergency nursing. What conditions are commonly treated by emergency nurses?
Is there a limit to how high we can build a skyscraper building?
What Actors and Actresses died in 2021
is football too dangerous of a sport for kids?
Do you have a name?
Hello, Can you help me make a basic webpage?
I really want to watch a Jude Law movie. Can you recommend some good ones?
what are some traditional superheroes?
What is the best color for the roof of my house?
What is the longest amount of time you can get a Visa to stay in another country for?
how long should a 30 year old sleep at night?
Do you have any tips for teaching someone cursive?
Can you get a free credit report?
What are ancho chilis?
Is Iceberg lettuce nutritious?
Hi, I'm interested in doing reverse bicep curls to target my forearms. Can you describe how to perform this exercise using a barbell?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tahu Gerjrot?
I want to buy a boat. What should I consider?
I'd like to arrange singing lessons for my daughter, she's only ten years old, is it a good time?
What is revenue?
Please create a resume template for me to use when applying to a basic tech support position.
How do I make watermelon juice?
Why can't salt water fish live in fresh water fish tanks?
How can I give up cigarettes?
Can you tell me what type of insurance is needed to drive into Mexico from the US?
Can you do a pedicure at home?
How can I take good pictures of clouds?
My cat won't stop meowing. Help
What gives beer the bitter taste?
How can I make my own bone broth?
How do I make crispy bacon?
Looking for Sarah Michelle Gellar movies
I need to learn some common terms for different foods in German.
Do you know who Sandra Day O'Connor is?
Can you help me with some dinner ideas that I can make in a slow cooker?
How can I drill a clay pot?
How can I set up a romantic dinner at home? \
Why were there only 3 channels on TV back in the old days?
How do I become a teacher?
Find a chocolate fudge recipe
In a house fire what should you do to minimize smoke inhalation while escaping from the burning house?
I'm thinking about reading a new book. I love Alice Walker's work. Any suggestions?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Boli?
What are some nice creamy pastas?
What if my 13 year old wants to start dating?
How can kids keep from getting bored on a long car ride?
How do you make BBQ ribs?
What is malware?
Can you tell me if Gypsy Moths are native to North America?
I'm thinking of building my own PC. Is it hard?
What did Native Americans enjoy to eat?
How do I become a reporter?
A big storm is coming. How do I prepare and protect my house?
How can I learn to ride a motorcycle?
What is the best way to learn how to surf?
I have a MIckey Mantel baseball card I want to sell, how do I get the best price?
Why do humans have so much back pain?
Is it ok to let a child sleep with a night light?
Is Fox News a credible news source?
How can I organize my record collection?
When did yeasted bread become popular in culture? Also, did indigenous people of the U.S., use yeasted bread?
I want to be more knowledgable on the topic of philosophy, where should I begin?
How do I use a hot glue gun?
What is the process of having a family member cremated after they die?
What is a nice color for the interior of a house that is nice but not too bright or dingy?
What is the purpose of an air compressor?
how do i keep mosquitoes from biting me when i am asleep?
What are the main points to write a really good essay?
Why do cats like sunlight so much?
What does escrow mean when you're buying a house?
What are some Asian liquors I can try?
What is the difference between cheese that is orange and cheese that is white?
Why is overnight shipping so much more expensive than regular shipping?
I am getting bombarded with Black Friday ads. Are there really better prices this time of year?
Which fruit is better for your health, pears or apples?
I'm trying to learn more about the Swine Flu pandemic.
What do I do if I have a hoarding problem?
What are some good fables for kids?
What are some good electronic music artists?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Holodets?
I have trouble sleeping because of restless leg syndrome. Can you help me understand it a little better?
What company invented Java programming language?
Did Carly Simon ever share who the real identity was, of the person she sung about, in the song, "You're so Vain" - it was a big mystery.
How does Paypal work?
How many continents are in the world?
Can I keep a cactus indoors?
What are salads that have honey as an ingredient in them?
When did the Pokémon Trading Card game release in the United States?
Can you identify what is the common concept or object painted into still life art?
Can you suggest any cookbooks for making vegan dishes?
Which exercises can burn the most calories?
Should you clean your own gutters?
I'm gonna list some foods and you tell me which wines you know they can be paired with. Are you ready?
What are some good pastries I can eat in the morning?
How were the Pyramids of Giza built when they didn't have any of the kinds of equipment like we have today?
I want to learn more about Amazon Mechanical Turk platform. Is there a phone number or an email address for workers if I have questions?
I need help making a relaxing music playlist that's good for studying.
How do I make electronic music?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Smørrebrød?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
Why is the sky blue?
Can you tell me how common it is for an innocent person to go to prison?
Potatoes were on sale this week, so I bought a lot. What are some ways I can cook the potatoes?
Who is Donald Trump?
Are there any countries that don't have taxes?
I'm wanting to grow peas in my garden this year, do you know what the best time would be to plant them in Maryland?
How do I make a simple omelet?
I want to make a non alcoholic mexican mule drink. So mexican mule mocktail. How can I do that?
how do i teach kids to make a leprechaun trap?
I'm having a lot of problems with dandruff. What can I do to prevent dandruff?
How can I come out to my parents?
What can I do to avoid getting the flu
my girlfriend is overthinking and insecure about her body and I want to comfort her but I don't know how. can you help me
I added too much salt to my soup, is there anything I can do
What is a grimoire?
Hey! I'm looking for ways to improve my confidence. Do you have any suggestions?
Why is Pi infinitely long?
When do holiday hours start at malls?
Can you tell me how to find out if a real estate property is in a designated flood plain?
What languages are spoken in India?
What are some types of shoes I can collect as a woman?
What is the temperature like on the surface of the Moon?
At what age can I expect my toddler to start cleaning up after themselves?
what are some fun ideas for popsicle flavors?
what do i do if my baby has a cough?
How do you change a man's organ to a woman?
I need to learn some weather words in Polish.
I'm thinking of getting a stick shift car. However, I do not know how to drive one. Can you help me learn the steps?
How can I help my mom improve her memory?
How do you work?
What are payday loans and why do people say to always avoid them?
I wonder if I should get homeowners insurance. Would you happen to know which weather events or situations are reasons to acquire home owners insurance?
Could you recommend some video games similar to the final fantasy series?
Can you give me some tips for keeping my tattoos from fading?
Find how many countries are in the world
Are there some fun day after christmas traditions?
Why can flies always find their way into a window but never back outside?
How does crypto currency work to make transactions anonymous?
How can I help a picky eater enjoy meat and poultry?
How do I learn to do electrical work?
What are the different formulas for calculating a tip?
Do you know the name of the actor who appeared in films “Face Off” and “Ghost Rider”?
I want to bake a cake for my wife's birthday. Do you have any good recipes?
How do you set up a tent?
My niece is into Sesame Street. What are some sesame street characters she can add to her toy collection?
How do people get a blood infection?
What supplements are good for helping men's hair grow faster?
Is Netflix a good subscription choice for streaming movies?
How do you get more traction when driving in winter condition?
How do I lower my blood pressure?
How long have people been using dogs as pets?
Hi, I'm learning to play football, and I'm having trouble getting the ball to spiral - when I throw it it tumbles end over end, or doesn't rotate at all. How do I throw a football in a spiral?
How do rocket get some much thrust from burning fuel?
What vegetables have the most iron?
Is it illegal to dig through dumpsters at businesses?
Can you explain how to keep score in a game of bowling?
I have a lot of extra apples and would like to make cider. Can you explain the process for me?
What is there to do in Wildwood, NJ?
What stops the sniffles
Which animal is smarter? Cats or Dogs?
There's a new movie coming out starring Kristen Stewart called Spencer. What's this movie about?
I'm trying to decide on a type of mattress
What are some easy ways to make people laugh?
What should I consider if I'm interested in investing in coin operated machines?
What is the best way to minimize the build up of dust?
Are there any big advantages to homeschooling my kids? What are the test scores like compared to kids going to regular school?
How can I clean a saxophone mouthpiece?
Where is the biggest river on earth
I want to start investing in crypto currency, what's the best way to start?
Is bicycling a good way to get exercise?
Should you feed the wild deer?
What are the requirements to become a lifeguard?
How can I make french fries?
What is needed to get a permit to hold a public demonstration?
Could you help me put together a playlist of 90s alternative music?
Does taking a bath or a shower use more water?
Can you tell me when winter starts this year?
I'm trying to find the best quality of fencing for a cheap price. It needs to be privacy fencing
I wanna start working out. What are the best exercises to start with?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
What items should I bring when going camping?
How long do goldfish live?
Is an LPN a good career?
What foods or drinks are unhealthy for our kidneys?
What is the point of leap year?
Are there any medical benefits (or drawbacks) to sleeping in the nude versus sleeping with underwear or pajamas?
i'm nervous about letting my teen drive. how can i get over this fear?
I am having trouble convincing my friend to go to counseling. Her sister died this past year and it has really taken a toll on her mentally. She does not think anything is wrong, but I can see her struggling with it. How can I convince her that she should go talk to a professional therapist?
What is a good oral care routine?
I'd like to learn a new language, but I don't know where to start. Are there any helpful apps that guide people into learning new languages?
Is it necessary to heat up my car?
What can I do if I become temporarily homeless?
Do you know the symptoms of food poisoning?
what can i cook with nopal?
Who started the first world war?
What is the difference between flotsam and jetsom?
how do i get rid of nausea when pregnant?
How can I unlock a locked iPad?
What is the tallest building in the world?
What are some fun easter activities for kids?
Can you find out if the new PlayStation is fully backwards compatible?
Why do people believe in religion?
What happens to people who get huge hospital bills that they can't pay off?
How do I get better at memorizing biology terms?
How often should i wash my hair?
What is the average price of an Airbnb rental in Atlanta?
Is the World Trade Center in New York still the tallest building in the U.S.?
Do foot warmers help keep your warm in the winter?
I am looking for some older music to listen to. What were some of the popular music artists from the 1960s?
Who invented Ice cream?
what is the largest turkey ever recorded
Can you tell me information on which laws protect against hunting African lions?
How can I straighten my hair?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
When was the Internal Revenue Service invented?
How do you care for an iguana?
What are some fun things to make out of origami?
how do i know if a child is ready to take care of a cat?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Beef Pares?
What does the Department of Agriculture do?
How do I start a campfire if I am stuck in the woods?
What song should I pick for karaoke?
How much Vitamin C should I be getting per day?
Is a guinea pig a good pet?
I'd like to learn a bit more about black holes and how they form. Can you help me out?
What is the Amityville House of Horror?
Why are they using private rockets to get into space now?
I'm trying to make Low Mein, a Chinese dish. Do you have a good recipe?
I'm visiting London for the first time. Can you suggest any popular tourist attractions or landmarks?
Search for sweet potato casserole recipe
What are some cheap gifts I could bring to a coworker party?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Congolese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Makayabu?
What are shellfish?
How do I remove bathroom tile?
I've been invited to a potluck for the first time. I don't know what to bring. What are popular potluck dishes?
What's my Apple Limited Warranty for my macbook's battery life?
Is UPS a good shipping company?
Hi, I'm the president of an NGO devoted to social justice causes, and a bunch of my employees were over in Afghanistan when the U.S. military withdrew their presence. How do I get them out of the country?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bündner Nusstorte?
I need to bake a batch of chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
Can you give me a recipe for sponge cake?
What is an easy craft I can help my kids with for their mother?
Search for a sloppy joe recipe
If Batman and Superman got into a fight, which one would win?
Why did he stop talking to me
There's been a stray dog in my driveway all morning acting aggressively towards me. Who should I contact to get rid of it?
Hi, we're playing hangman at school, and I don't understand how the game works. Can you explain it to me?
learn how to give home estimates
Is the brain still developing in ones thirtys?
Is Florida a good spot to vacation to?
What are some good ways to express affection to your spouse?
What is global warming?
How do I write my last will and testament?
What are methods of payment I can use during a vacation in a foreign country?
What country has the most people living in it?
As an AI, do you feel that you've developed something approximating conscience or self-awareness?
Can you tell me about traditional French cuisine?
Hi, everybody these days seems to have money in cryptocurrencies, but I've been a late adopter. Can you teach me the basics about how to get started with investing in crypto?
How do I calculate my yearly salary?
How long can canned food last?
What are good christmas gifts for under $50
I want to learn about scary bacteria and viruses. But first, would you explain to me the differences between the two/
I just saw a car that was rusted really bad. Ruined with rust. Why do they spread salt on the roads?
Do you know why in some parts of the country, Hardee's is called Carl's Jr even though its the same restaurant?
Can you explain to me how wine is made organically?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fricasé?
What can I do to remove calcium from a faucet?
what do i feed my snake?
What happens when a house is in escrow?
How do you switch to a different user account in Win 10?
Please tell me about Thanksgiving Day and the history behind it?
How many bones are in my right hand?
Did we have color movies before we had black and white TV?
What's a good movie for the kids this weekend?
What is Google Pay?
Can you tell me why insect blood is clear?
Would you happen to know what are some good cocktails to have for Thanksgiving?
How do I wash my smartphone without damaging it?
Why are Republicans so against Roe vs. Wade?
Can voice lessons still help you even when you're older? I want to be a a better singer.
Why is aluminum so expensive?
Can you teach me how rain is formed?
What is a root canal?
How do I pack for a hiking trip?
I want to make fudge for holiday gifts, can you help me?
I'm looking for a new television series to watch. I want to watch a drama that has won a lot of awards. Can you tell me some of the most critically-acclaimed series?
Why is lead considered toxic?
Can you give me a recipe for apple turnover?
Can you tell me how a real estate investment fund works?
How did Elon Musk get so much money?
Can you name some of the angels mentioned in the Bible?
What is the easiest instrument to learn?
How do you get good credit?
How do I make a Vietnamese sandwich?
I'm trying to find the best quality of fencing for a cheap price. It needs to be privacy fencing
How do you get a replacement Social Security card?
What does wax on wax off mean?
What are some ways to start eating smaller portions of food?
Hi, I'd like to whip up some minestrone soup. Can you give me a recipe to do that?
How do I pick a lock?
What is more important to a website. on-page or off-page SEO? I have a limited budget and would like some insight into them both.
How do you play roulette?
What can I do at home to treat my laryngitis?
Do you have any advice on how to binge eat less?
How can I make a flower crown?
What are some foods that are good for diabetics?
Hello, I am trying to find places to scuba dive in Maui Hawaii
What material is best for kitchen counters?
How often should an adult shower?
How fast can trains go?
I want to learn more about Edgar Allan Poe, can you help me?
How do I edit an essay I wrote?
What are the origins of Easter?
Why should people wear a condom when they're having sex? What are the benefits but also drawbacks of this?
Can you describe things about the respiratory system in humans
how do i care for a turtle?
Can you tell me why super bowl commercials are so expensive for companies?
Hi, what's up?
When is the next version of Windows expected to be released?
What are places I should visit in Nairobi?
Are fair rides safe
What places should I visit in NYC?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad Kra Pao?
How can I get promoted?
How do I float on my back in the water?
Why is Pi infinitely long?
I notice that some music nowadays uses autotune, do you know what autotune is and how does it work?
Do you like stories?
How can I decorate my house for Christmas to make it feel fun and festive?
What can I put in hard shell tacos?
Can you get stores to price match?
Agatha Christie is a classic author. I'm wondering what some of her best-selling books might have been?
What is the best way to store fruit?
I want to know the order of the planets in the solar system, starting with the planet nearest the sun.
Can you tell me about healthy oils that I can cook with?
What are ways to comfort someone that has lost a pet?
What happens when you lose something?
Who is Barbie?
I love candy. Right now, I'm thinking of candy corn, even though I'm not a fan of it at all. But can you describe a bit of the history of candy corn?
Is organic produce any better than non-organic produce?
I'm getting into cycling as an adult and I'm wondering if I need to put a rearview mirror on my bike handlebars.
How old was Taylor Swift when she had her first big number one hit? I'm curious about a few of her hits.
What is a direct cremation?
What does Semper Paratus mean?
Search for a pumpkin bread recipe
what are some foods dogs should not eat?
How do I cook lobster?
I want to make a ham omelet. I have never cooked it before. Can you help me?
What is the difference between red wine and white wine?
Can you walk me through how to make a makeshift splint for a leg I injured in the backcountry?
How can I successfully quit smoking?
What should I feed a pet snake?
It's raining and my gutters are full
What are health benefits of fish?
How do I know if my child is ready for power wheels?
I remember the singer Deborah Harry was pretty popular. She had a couple big hits. Maybe we could talk about those.
I'm having troubles dealing with an aggressive neighbor. Could you give me some ideas on how to diffuse the situation when they get angry?
What is the cause of acid reflux?
Did we have color movies before we had black and white TV?
I'm gonna list some foods and you tell me which wines you know they can be paired with. Are you ready?
How do I make a stuffed animal?
how do you get on wipe out?
What are some tools I can use to sketch on an ipad?
What is the best way to care for coral in a tank?
Hi, I'd like to start doing barbell deadlifts, I hear they're a fundamental full body exercise. Can you explain how they're performed?
Can you tell me some history of Bill Gates?
How much will quantum computers most likely cost?
Does it rain in Hawaii?
Why are dogs so loyal and happy to see their owners?
I want to learn about the history of water beds. Can you tell me what year the first water bed was made?
How can I discover new music?
How do I make a gravel garden?
What are some of the best shoegaze albums?
What general information can you tell me about Britney Spears album ...Baby One More Time?
I really enjoyed Stephen King's book "The Green Mile." I want to read another book by him. Can you tell me which of his books has gotten the best reviews?
Was Taylor Swift on some kind of talent show or something before she got famous?
How can I train my dog to sit?
I want to know how to gain some confidence
what do i do about an anal fissure?
WHat is Pink's real name?
Which game includes the following phrase "Do not pass go, do not collect $200”?
How can I keep earthworms?
Where is C.E. Byrd High School?
Do you know what kind of food they enjoy to eat in France?
Where is the cheapest place in the world to live?
Can you give me instructions for making a Boston Cream Pie?
What s so toxic in chocolate that is dangerous in dogs?
I must attend a fancy ball and I am not a fancy person. Can you help me?
What is the best riddle you know?
What is deep cleaning teeth?
What was the main cause of the outbreak of World War 1?
Hi, I pretty much missed out on the music of the 1970s due to being born in the 1980s. Can you help me put together a playlist of the greatest hits of that era, so that I can know what people liked to listen to then?
I want to learn more about the Metallica album Ride the Lightning.
I need help with a task!
Now I am seeing parents complaining about their kids having to wear masks to school. Why is it such a big deal to them?
I'm trying to book a flight from NYC to Orlando on December 18th. Can you tell me what the prices are?
How do I try out for professional baseball?
I want to learn more about the lower house of Congress. Are you familiar with it?
How can I keep spiders out of my house?
Why did it take so long before humans actually learned to make an airplane that could fly?
Where is most of the worlds platinum mined?
I just received a money order as payment for something that I was selling. But I don't know what to do with one. Can you tell me out to get the cash value of a money order?
The play Wicked was really successful for a few years. What is the plot overall?
What are some recipes that use banana?
I get along very well with everyone at my workplace, but a recent situation is puzzling me. A colleague has just recently started behaving very coldly towards me, avoiding me when possible and barely interacting with me when we are in close proximity. I don't understand what happened and they won't tell me, instead insisting everything is "fine." It's not though and I don't know why.
Is it ok for kids' teeth for them to eat candy?
Why would you neuter a dog?
What are the pros and cons of shopping at big box stores?
How can a company like the tobacco industry get away with selling such an addictive product that causes cancer?
I'm trying to decide what to do for my birthday in my area
Can you teach me how rain is formed?
I'd like ot learn to play the drums, but I have no idea where to start. Can you give me any advice?
Best books by Stephanie Meyer
What are some fun games for a birthday party?
What is a good tea to go with an English Muffin?
I am trying to cut back on my alcohol consumption. Do you have any tips?
What is the best animal to get if you are allergic to long hair?
Do dreadlocks cause your hair to fall out?
Who was the first documented serial killer in the united states?
I haven't played video games in years and want to start again. Which console is most popular nowadays?
Can I permanently straighten my hair at home?
Why did most public schools in the USA stop requiring teaching second languages?
Where can I buy dry ice?
I was wondering what kind of cup keeps drinks hottest the longest.
Which foods should I eat to improve digestion?
What are different golf clubs used for?
How do I curl my eyelashes?
What sport does Michael Jordan play?
How long should I take my dogs on a walk each day?
Hi! I'm looking for some advice on how to stay more hydrated throughout the day
How do I get my kids to use less toilet paper?
What weather event is the leading cause of death in the United States?
How do you make the bed after waking up in the morning?
I enjoy African drumming music. I've heard that traditionally, the drum songs, also communicated across distances, to other tribes. Is that true?
What tools do I need for woodworking?
What do you know about reiki healing?
How can I stop drinking so much soda?
Do countries with Universal Healthcare have better overall health outcomes?
Can you tell me what squatters rights means?
Hi, how does a car engine work?
I've been thinking about Keanu Reeves as an actor. What's his most recent film? Or what was his top grossing film?
What is the average intellectual level of the United States?
What can I do to reduce jet lag after a long flight?
What is the best treatment for a burn?
How do I wash my car windows?
I'm worried about getting heart disease when I'm older. What exactly is heart disease?
How do you make chocolate chip cookies
Hey ! How many dates should I be taking my girlfriend on in a month and where should I take her?
What is the best way to clean my refrigerator?
Hi, how does your body know you're sick and then work to eliminate whatever is making you sick?
What's the best way to update the driver for a Nvidia brand graphics card?
I suffer from migraine headaches and they seem to be getting worse. When I get one, I'm out of commission for a couple days and nothing seems to help. I've seen doctors and tried different medication, but to no avail.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Appa?
I would like to learn about the history of Dub Step, can you give me some information?
What do vegetarians eat for Thanksgiving?
What can I do to reduce lower back pain?
What does filibuster mean?
How can I log my daily physical activity to measure my fitness?
What's the best way to record your mistakes so you don't repeat them again?
What are some fun things kids can decorate?
When the chances of winning a high ticket in lottery are so bad, why do so many people think they can win?
what are some good drinks using lemon?
What's in the atmosphere of gas giant planets such as Saturn and Jupiter?
Do you know how to update the firmware for an electronic device?
Can you tell me a plan for an itinerary to see the rose bowl football game?
Are SAT scores the most important thing when trying to get into a good college?
Can you tell me what is needed to get a motorcycle drivers license?
My home heating is broken and it's gonna take a few days for it to get fixed. It's pretty cold though. What are some practical ways to stay warm?
How do I take care of succulent plants?
What are some good and different ideas for milkshakes?
Where is Sea if Cortez?
How can I socialize my baby?
What language should I learn that is spoken worldwide?
Who were The Five Nations? I know one was Mohawk but what about the other four?
What are some good flavored beers?
Are prepaid debit cards safe?
Football seems so popular, although head injuries seem part of the work. How safe is football as a sport?
find a private school that does not do traditional schooling
What is the best place to buy DIY materials?
What are different ways to burp a baby?
Can you help with resolving a conflict in a relationship? If two people often argue, is it better to move on, or try to resolve it?
Do you have any simple mash potato recipes?
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
My only child is starting Kindergarten. I'm feeling sad about him growing up.
Can you offer a new band for me to listen to? I already like "The Shins".
How do I convince my mom that she needs to live in an assisted living facility?
Is the US Marines a part of the US Navy?
How do you restart Win 10?
What is the biggest fish in the sea
I've heard that Native Americans had their own version of "bigfoot" sightings in the Americas, which is to say a lage human-like ape creature. What do you know about this?
I would like to learn more about the original PlayStation memory card.
How many city blocks is one mile?
What are some strategies that I can use when playing scrabble?
How long is a mayor's term in office?
Are the Burmese Pythons native to North America?
Why did the actor who plays George O'Malley on Grey's Anatomy leave the show?
I'm going to have a new niece soon. Can you recommend me any baby gives I should buy for my sister?
What are some good light roast varieties of coffee?
Which flowers are commonly used by the the perfume industry?
Can you provide me with some states with a low cost of living?
I have to teach a child what inverse operation means
Can you give me a recipe for preparing lasagne?
Why are soufflés so difficult to get right?
Do you know how to make a pecan pie without sugar?
What are some attractions on native american reservations that I should visit?
How do you put grease into a grease fitting?
What do I do if I get scratched by a stray cat?
Kids have been sending my child mean messages online. What can I do?
Is it necessary to moisturize, or can skin naturally moisturize itself?
I'm looking to apply for a job soon and it's been years since I've had to apply for a new job. I'm out of practice on building a resume. Do you have any advice?
Was the civil war fought over the morality of slavery, or was there a different reason?
Is there a scientific explanation for "life after death" experiences?
Can you tell me just how dangerous drinking aspartame is for you? I only drink diet sodas, but I know some people say it causes cancer.
My niece is into Sesame Street. What are some sesame street characters she can add to her toy collection?
I've heard a lot of synthetic meat being grown in labs lately. How do they do this?
I'm looking to get some environmentally friendly gifts for my family this Christmas to encourage them to go 'green'.
What does the postal service do?
I like to leave my night light on for my porch, but the bugs do tend to leave a mess. Yellow lights sometimes work, sometimes don't. Any suggestions on keeping a night light on outside, and avoiding bug mess ?
Hi, I'm supposed to conjugate the present tense of the verb 'to be' for English class, but I don't know what that means. Can you explain how to do that?
Who owns Virgin Atlantic airline?
How do you do USPS tracking?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Scacce Ragusane?
What are soft pretzels?
Is bouldering more fun than other types of rock climbing?
Could you help me learn more about Stephen King?
I'm trying to figure out how honey is produced from bees, is this something you can help me with?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Syrniki?
how do i know if my child is ready for a sibling?
I'd like to buy an eReader, but I don't know which to get. Do you have any recommendations?
How does foster care work?
How do you find your ancestry?
Why shouldn't I eat fast food?
My only child is starting Kindergarten. I'm feeling sad about him growing up.
What is kidney failure?
Can you help me choose a sports team to root for?
Idioms Help me find idioms. Examples Q: "What's a good idiom for when something happens, it's better than not happening at all" A: "Better late than never" Q: "What's a good idiom when you decide to stop working on something: A: "Call it a day" Q: "To get something over with because it's inevitable" A: "Bite the bullet" Now let's try. Q: "What's a good idiom for when something big is brewing right under the surface, but it's not visible yet"
What does grief feel like?
Do kids have to wear seatbelts on school buses?
what do i do if i stepped in dog poo?
Can you refreeze meat? I had some frozen beef and then thawed it, but I want to freeze it again. My mom says you shouldn't do that.
What are some modern boy names that start with A?
I am looking to get my first credit card. Can you explain credit cards to me and what some of the important features are?
We've just moved to the area and I have two children, ages 5 and 7. We don't know anybody in the neighborhood or even in the town really but I need to find a safe, reliable babysitter and I don't know where to begin.
I want to know about what flowers I should grow in my yard
How does a union protect you at work?
I want to cook my spouse a fancy breakfast for her birthday, and I need some ideas
What can you tell me about The great depression?
Do you know anything about the Bermuda triangle?
Can you tell me the history of the Martini, the cocktail drink
Can I perm my hair at home?
How is water purified for drinking?
What are some good hiding places for cash?
Can you explain solar panels to me? How do they power homes? What are they hooked up to?
Can I find a tutor near me for algebra?
How does a chiropractor help you?
Do countries with Universal Healthcare have better overall health outcomes?
How do you balance on a skateboard?
I'm thinking about reading a new book. Questlove had a book or two out, right?
Venmo is it safe?
How can I learn to speak russian?
Which company invented the N-Gage gaming device?
How do you measure blood pressure at home?
I'm trying to learn about the salam witch trials
I'd like to know more about nikola tesla and his inventions. Can you help?
I want to go on vacation in the summer and want to know the best place to go that isn't too hot.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Zgougou Asida?
I need a place to travel to for christmas
Can you explain China's form of government to me? They are communist, but also seem capitalist as well.
I wanna learn how to do a pull up
How do you get rid of stretch marks?
How should I keep my kitchen clean?
What should I do to survive a shark attack?
At what age do girls need bras?
I just adopted a new kitten but I'm worried about introducing her to my existing cat. Do you have any advice?
I recently learned that I'm diabetic, but I'm really nervous around needles. Is there a way for me to take care of my diabetes with insulin without using needles and shots?
How can I get my girlfriend to cook more?
How do I know if I got Covid-19?
how many times a day should i brush my teeth?
what is the most popular song Ronnie James Dio sang
Could you tell me some good songs in the rock genre music?
After Christmas times, I have a lot of trash around and need to figure out which things are recyclable. Can you think of some of the things during Christmas time that are recyclable, such as trees, boxes, wrapping paper, etc.
I'm trying to find a place to buy shot glasses that have winnie the pooh on them.
Is it possible to jailbreak an Android phone like you can with an iPhone?
I want to have an English-style tea for my friends. What does that consist of?
How do I keep socks organized? They always disappear.
How can i save up for a vacation?
I'm having car troubles. When I start the car, even if it's been running for a while, the heater doesn't put out any heat.
Can you give me a recipe for Banana Split?
Are airpods waterproof?
Was the civil war fought over the morality of slavery, or was there a different reason?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Percebes?
what are some good japanese anime shows for boys?
I want to learn spanish
I want to learn how to play the guitar. Can you suggest some good tutorials to get me started?
what are some good costumes for boys for imaginative play?
How can I make a ramp for hot wheels?
Which gaming company developed the Witcher 3?
Can you tell me the steps in creating an AirBNB account?
I've heard it said that Opera singers usually are known to have their best voice, over 35 years of age, with years of training. I wonder what the trained range is, the best age range, for a seasoned Opera singer?
How do I keep my long hair healthy?
How do I get over an embarrassing moment?
How do I grow my following on social media?
Can you help me to make my own laundry detergent?
I already have an ok-ish smartphone, but I've been contemplating about buying either a new one with a good camera, or just get myself a new mirrorless camera instead. Any advice?
Why did ancient Egyptians mummify their dead? It seems for many kings that was a pretty important process in ancient Egypt.
Hello, I am trying to find out the hours for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Can you help?
Can you tell me some examples of ridiculous laws in the USA? I've heard of some pretty funny ones before.
What is the difference in the Police vs. the Sheriffs department?
How do you store unused Mozzarella cheese so it last longer?
I want to find a movie to watch tonight
Can you explain how to unlock a combination lock?
I love caesar salads and want to make one at home. Can you give me a recipe?
What do security guards do?
How can you donate food to help people this Thanksgiving?
I want to learn more about what makes organic milk different from normal mlik.
What are the Northern Lights?
what are some good christmas desserts?
Is it very difficult, to get a driver's license for a motorboat?
How does a train engine work?
How do I cook lobster?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nacatamal?
Can you tell me what company produced the video game Bloodborne?
What are some good safety tips for trick or treating?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mondongo?
Can I cook a potato in the microwave?
How is an individual species classified from others?
What is a full moon?
What vegetables are considered dark, leafy greens?
Who is starring in the latest production of "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway?
I will be transferred by my company to Singapore for one year. Is it a safe country?
Please tell me the internet history.
Why don't cars come with a full size spare tire anymore?
How do I prepare dried beans for cooking?
Will watching Bob Ross help me to paint better?
Hi, I had escargot at a French restaurant the other night, and I loved them! Can you give me a recipe for making my own?
What is the healthiest artificial sweetener?
Can you help me find Will Ferrell movies?
Can you tell me the steps on sanitizing a kitchen countertop?
Can you recommend a movie to me?
How do I set up a neighborhood easter egg hunt?
How can I stay cool in the summer without the AC on
How do I build personal integrity
I'm trying to learn more about the Swine Flu pandemic.
How can I prevent or relieve a bloated stomach?
I have been a Microsoft Windows user for many years. I am about to make a new PC purchase and I'm considering switching to Apple, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea. Should I make the jump or is it better to go with the "devil I know"?
With the new year coming up, I'm ready to make some resolutions. How can I keep myself motivated to keep my resolutions?
If I was to ever take the Covid vaccine, which one should I take?
How do I make my own sorbet?
How long should I stay out in the sun for a tan?
How do rocket get some much thrust from burning fuel?
I'm trying to get my friend to open up
My boyfriend has requested chowder for dinner. What is a chowder-type soup?
What is diabetes insipidus?
How should I stay safe if going to an indoor environment during covid?
I need a salad to serve at a dinner party. Can you help me decide between the different kinds?
What are some safe options for staying warm during a snow storm.
Is greek yogurt better for you than regular yogurt?
what do i feed my chickens?
How can I remove rust from metal?
Hello, I am trying to find the most energy efficient lightbulb. Can you help?
Can you give me instructions for brewing beer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tamuga?
How can I get more YouTube subscribers?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ugali?
Can anyone run for President?
Find some car games to play on Nintendo 64.
I need to know what to gift a college graduate next year. Got any suggestions?
How can I have a cat themed birthday party?
What should people do if they find an injured wild animal?
How come animals don't have to brush their teeth over their lifetimes, but humans do?
What is the medal of honor?
What time period did the velociraptor live in?
What are some ways I can build upper body strength?
What is Swagbucks?
"Row, Row, Row your Boat" is an old song. I wonder where it came from originally?
What are the Māori known for?
how can i reduce waste when ordering take out?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Durban Bunny Chow?
Do you have any good book recommendations for someone learning how to oil paint?
I want to learn more about the Spanish Civil War.
What are some good gifts for a huge baseball fan?
What are the veterinarian requirements when getting a new puppy dog in California?
How can I keep bees away from my home
How do you use a karaoke machine?
How many years do we have until the earth becomes so over-populated that people won't be allowed to have children?
My friend wants to join the USA military. Is there an age limit? Can you get too old?
What do I do if I got stung by a bunch of red ants?
What goes well with soaked oats?
How difficult is it to build a quantum computer?
I'm trying to get some help with dealing with sudden depression.
Who started eBay?
What are some easy ways to make baby doll clothes?
What is the most popular food in Holland?
How can I learn how to play chess?
what are some physical games to play at a kids' birthday party?
Should you take b12?
What are the medicinal properties of chamomile?
What are some good upcoming exclusive xbox titles?
I have a Padres baseball hat I wanna clean but I have heard to not toss it in the laundry. Do you know ways to clean baseball hats?
What were the first things man learned to make alcohol out of?
How do I make a green bean casserole?
I was looking for a tune from the band Queen, can you recommend one?
What is the best way to bring a fever down?
Could you please provide me some information about the Spanish-American War?
Can I sue my neighbor for having too many cats
What should I do to help with neuropathic pain in my hands?
How can I incorporate glow sticks into a party?
I'm curious about the painting of "Whistler's Mother" by James Whistler. Do you know much about it?
Can you tell me how people got dental work done before anesthesia was invented?
Hello, I am trying to find out how many whales are at Sea World in Orlando, FL. Can you help?
How can I get rid of gallstones?
Not to be too graphic, but what are the pros and cons of regular masturbation in terms of health?
How can I lower my cholesterol?
My daughter is afraid of the dark. How can I help her get over this phobia?
What is a good kids show for a 3 year old?
When it comes to overall satisfaction, I wonder which computer brands, have the best reputation? Sony seems to be one.
What are the best stocks to invest in?
When did Alaska become part of the United States?
How do i help a parent that might have dementia
What are some cute tattoo designs?
What are some interesting fillings for brownies?
I am doing a book report on Edgar Cayce. Can you provide me with a list of his predictions that were proven to come true?
I love roller-coasters! Where is one of the best!
how do i look more natural in pictures?
I need help building my resume. What are some good skills that look good on a resume?
how do i lift my breasts?
What can I give elderly relatives for Christmas?
Is English spoken in a lot of countries in the world?
What are the fastest computers used for these days?
Should my child get vaccinated for covid?
What are some different options for menstruation?
My mom was really attached to her pet dog. Had it for 19 years and it died this week. Problem is she has early onset dementia and that combo is bad to deal with. How do I console her dealing with both?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to look up on the internet? Why?
I think I've mentioned to you before how much I like Japanese food. I have a lot of Japanese curry, but there's curry from other places in the world. Can you tell me the differences between Japanese curry and Indian curry?
Where should you go for tax help?
How can I freeze basil?
Who is Anais Mitchell?
Can you tell me about the history of folk music?
What should I write in a wedding card?
Who did Eric Clapton marry?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gado Gado?
What are some good hobbies that I can start that don't cost a lot of money?
How do I get better at memorizing biology terms?
How do I make a pie crust?
I'm host a party for a bunch of people in their 30's tomorrow night. What are some of the best games we could play as a group?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Milanesa a caballo?
What can I do to reduce my risk of Alzheimer's disease
What was the name of that story where the character wore a glove filled with vaseline?
How do you make homemade hand warmers?
What are the main components of a desktop computer?
Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton collaborated on a few top 10 hits. Can you remember a few?
Hello, I am trying to find out what cuisines are popular in Lisbon, Portugal. Can you help?
My coffee tastes off. How do I clean my Keurig?
What is the best way to clean a laptop screen?
How do banks make money?
What are s'mores?
Can you tell me if Java is a type of OS?
Is the old saying that you attract more flies with honey than vinegar true in a literal sense?
Hi, we're multiplying numbers with exponents in math class now, and I'm having some trouble. Can you help me out?
How can I develop a better relationship with my parents?
How do I make a black bean burger?
I plan on trying to go on a intermittent fast. I want to do it for at least a week. Can you help me schedule this out for the next week?
Can you give me tips to writing a good screenplay?
If you were hungry and wanted to eat a good breakfast. what would you eat? and why?
How can I raise butterflies?
If a helicopter's engines fails in mid flight, does the helicopter just fall straight down like a rock?
Hey! I need some support to get through my fear of abandonment and not being good enough.
Is it possible for one to increase their iq score?
What are some tropical destinations?
What are some bands that are similiar to RHCP?
How do I patch up a hole in the wall that a mouse is coming through?
How do you treat a pulled muscle?
Do you have any tips for learning the ins and outs of Microsoft Excel?
What are some fun ride on toys for toddlers?
How can I better concentrate when listening to lectures?
Whenever I eat a lot of meat I start vomiting. Why is this?
What are 5 interesting facts about the Philippines?
How can I get better at bowling?
How do I learn to use a pogo stick?
I'm worried about getting heart disease when I'm older. What exactly is heart disease?
Would love to discuss a few top songs from the artist Pharrell. Any tunes you know?
How can I tell if a pineapple is ripe?
I'm trying to decorate for Christmas and I want some fresh plants.
How do you clean a boat?
Is big foot real?
What's the difference between a road bike and a mountain bike?
What part of Germany does German chocolate cake come from?
How do I make my own dog food?
Is a veterinary assistant a good job?
put down a wood floor in my living room
What are some unique uses for bricks?
My friend wants to quit smoking. How can I support her in her efforts?
What is kickstarter?
should i let my kids decorate their own room?
What kind of phone case should I use to protect my phone?
I'm travelling abroad and need to learn to ask for a doctor in different languages. Can you help?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Chicha de Maíz?
What is incorrect about this sentence: The boy running past the library too quickly.
What is a cover letter?
What are the best items to buy for low prices on Black Friday?
I'm taking the Greyhound bus to Philadelphia tomorrow and then I plan on visiting The Franklin Institute. Can you help me get from Philadelphia's Greyhound station to The Franklin Institute?
Do you know what the Turing Test is?
What should you do to recover after a workout?
find a unique gift for my grand daughter one that is not main stream or expected
Are keyboard controls or a game controller better for PC gaming?
What are pros and cons of keeping a monkey?
Can you tell me about red dye in foods and why people say it is harmful?
How do I become a female boss?
Who is Bill Clinton?
How do I know if my baby has an ear infection?
Assistant, can you help me find books that have really popular antagonists?
I'm trying to learn more about Bernie Sanders, can you provide me some information on him?
I'm trying to learn how to make vegan jerky, can you provide me a recipe?
I've been fighting boredom since I've become sober for alcohol. Alcohol filled up my day and without it I'm bored crazy. How do I fight this?
I need to rewire a lamp.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Crevette grise?
What are the instructions for tying a tie?
What kind of herbs or vegetables can I grow inside my house?
What are some good uses for vanilla extract?
I'm trying to figure out how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Kentucky by car. Can you help me out?
Can you help me choose a breed of dog to get as a pet?
Can you recommend me a popular musical that was released in theaters sometime over the last ten years?
Why can't I move my key to turn on my car?
What are some crafts kids can make with felt?
Can you tell me any recent movies by the actor Adam Sandler that have grossed over 100 million at the box office?
locate a good place to eat in Boston preferable local fare
What should you wear to an interview?
How do I make a long island iced tea?
I've been concerned about getting enough water every day. What do they recommend is the best volume of water to drink, to stay hydrated?
How do you winterize a camper?
How can you donate food to help people this Thanksgiving?
What is a wok?
How do you play bocci ball?
Look for Jason Statham movies
What are some fun activities for a child who has never been to see snow?
Write a research paper on automotive mechanics.
How can I find my states liability car insurance limits?
How do I improve my grammar in a foreign language?
I'm trying to cut my nails, but don't want to cut them too short. How do I know when to stop?
Can you give me some advice about reducing an allergic reaction to house dust mite?
What are benefits of a staycation?
Can you recommend a recipe for a birthday cake?
How do I play I Spy?
What are some hacks to remove glitter from the floor?
Where is Havana located?
Is it better to let the tomato ripen on the vine or should you pick them before they ripen and let them ripen off the vine?
Does England have a history of slavery in their country?
How can I prevent clothing from shrinking when I wash it?
How do I develop a poker face?
I'm thinking about getting a motorcycle. How much more dangerous is driving a motorcycle than a car?
I'm travelling to Italy and need to learn some words. Can you help me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dan Dan Noodles?
How do I make a rubber band ball?
is there a difference between diversity training and social intelligence training?
Hey, my friend is a new mom and has become very quiet in our group chats and not available to hangout. I understand she's building her new family, but I also want to let her know that I'm here to be her friend and support her in this journey
I'm going to be apply for a job soon. Is there special paper that I should print my resume on?
My favorite artist is NF. Are there any concerts happening?
how do i decide how many kids to have?
How do I get a penpal?
Can you help me learn the basics of the game chess?
Who was Frank Sinatra?
How do I ride a skateboard?
I'm trying to make chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
At what temperature does it usually start to snow outside?
Does taking a bath or a shower use more water?
What is celiac disease?
I want to be a podcaster. How do I do that?
who are some underrated superhero sidekicks?
How do you season a cast iron pan?
Why are most plants green?
Can you tell me how shipping companies calculate how much it is to ship packages? I wanted to ship a 2 pound package at is was over 15 dollars.
What are some exercises I can do in the pool for my knees?
How do you get a student loan?
Hi! I'm trying to plan a family holiday party, but I've never hosted before so I'm not quite sure what's necessary
I'd like to read something new, and wondered if you could recommend a book? I like topics about modern philosophy, and anthropology, for example.
What does filibuster mean?
Do diabetics need their toenails clipped by a podiatrist?
Have cruise ships always been a place for people catch contagious illnesses?
Hi, I see a lot of things I'd like to download, but they use files called 'torrents' that I don't understand. How do I open, and use, these torrent files?
What is a hernia?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cameroonian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Poulet?
Are there some fun day after christmas traditions?
How do i make cake frosting?
what are some good shows on cartoon network for kids?
What can be causing me to have itchy skin?
At what age will children stop wetting the bed?
What mammal has the longest gestation period?
Baseball seems to be a common interest in the U.S. Who are some of the historical players that are famous?
How can I help someone that is on a diet?
I've heard that the flu vaccine was just released for this year. I'm young and healthy so how important is it for me to get it?
What is the EPA?
How does it feel to be alive?
I was adding a border color in CSS and did it like this border-color; red but it didn't work out. What am I missing?
Was Christianity based off of any religions that existed prior to it?
How do I make watermelon juice?
What is a good bird for a pet for a child?
Should I plant trees around my home?
What year was Bill Clinton the president?
How do you treat chicken pox?
What is better for recycling tin or glass?
How do I put fondant on a cake?
how do i pick strawberries?
Is greek yogurt better for you than regular yogurt?
I'm trying to find out how many pennies make a dollar
How do you get more traction when driving in winter condition?
Can you describe the Korean War for me?
Do people with diabetes have to avoid sugar completely, or can they have some in moderation?
How can I stop my addiction to slot machines?
I keep throwing up and have diarrhea. What could be wrong?
Do you know how to update the firmware for an electronic device?
How can I improve my skincare routine?
My friend told me their doctor prscibed them Lithium. What does that do?
How do I learn to smile less awkwardly in photos?
What is dolphin-safe tuna?
I am very good friends with a couple that I have known for a long time. I would say I'm equally friendly with the husband and the wife. However the husband recently confided in me that he is having an affair and he swore me to secrecy. I feel terrible for his wife because she is a good friend but he is also. It's a mess.
I want to learn how to cook Chinese food. Should I take classes online or in person?
How many stars are in our solar system?
Can you give me some tips on how to write a song? I want to write a country song about my dog.
What is the normal frequency range that humans can hear?
What determines a cloud's shape?
How do I make prunes?
Should you rent a Uhaul to move?
Can you explain to me how scientists determine the age of a fossil?
How do I keep from getting shocked when opening door knobs?
How do you write a song?
What are some good places to visit in San Jose, CA?
Can you explain what hypermiling is?
How can I color sand for a school project?
What should you pack in a hospital bag?
What is whiplash?
How do I build personal integrity
How do I do elf on the shelf?
How do I change the oil in my car?
I'm planning to travel to Europe, and wondered if you could suggest some countries, or places, to visit?
Do you know anything about using google sheets?
I've been thinking about buying some exotic, dangerous pets like a rattlesnake. What precautions can I take to remain safe with an exotic pet?
How often should you give your child a bath?
Can you tell me Harry Potter and the Chambers of Secrets is all about?
Candy canes are a Christmas tradition. What is the origin?
What is Credit Karma?
Should I learn to skateboard on a longboard or shortboard?
Can you tell me how to determine my dimensions for fitting into a wetsuit, used for cold water swimming.
What are some ways to increase my metabolism?
How do you make homemade hand warmers?
I'm trying to learn to cook more things at home to save money. Should I upgrade the equipment in my kitchen, including my pans and utensils, or does that not matter?
Which over the counter medicines should I always keep on hand at home?
Can you give me some information about the life of charles dickens?
How do I teach my child long division?
Is English spoken in a lot of countries in the world?
i bought strawberries but they are sour. any way i can enjoy them?
Who is Blake Lively?
I need help balancing a ceiling fan. It shakes in operation.
What is the best way to deal with nosy neighbors?
how do i learn to ride a scooter?
What are some fish I'll be able to see in the Great Barrier Reef?
Native American, or Indigenous tradition in the United States, sometimes focuses on the Buffalo as a sacred animal. I'm curious as to why, some themes about that?
Are you working yet?
Can you tell me information on which laws protect against hunting African lions?
What is the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
The painting of The Son of Man by Rene Magritte, is odd. Do you know it?
What are some inspirational superheroes for kids?
How do I ship a child's bike across the country?
the iphone was made what year and how can get my hands on it
Why did oil-rich countries form OPEC?
Can you help me to learn when slavery began in the USA?
What country is the term Aryan from?
What are good ways to relax after a hard day of work?
What kind of supplies should I make sure I have for a long hike?
I'm going to the Netherlands and would like to learn a few common phrases in Dutch.
Why does classic music have "blind auditions" when hiring musicians for their symphony?
What do I do about an oily face?
What is conveyor belt sushi?
I have to teach a child what inverse operation means
What are some cute tattoo designs?
What are the symptoms of Williams Syndrome?
How do I teach my daughter how to multiply numbers?
what are some good places to visit in St. Louis?
How many continents are in the world?
What is a good credit score to apply for a house loan?
How do you enable captions on a YouTube video?
When was Pennsylvania first made into a state?
How can I freeze onions?
How do I convert to Mormonism?
How do you change a flat tire to the spare?
I am going on holiday to france soon and need some suggestions of things to do there
How do I pick a lock?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz Caldo?
Find a stuffed mushroom recipe
What is Yorkshire Pudding?
Is golf hard to learn?
What place can I visit in Medellin?
What are some fun outdoor hobbies that I should try?
I'm going on a beach vacation. What are some beach activities I can do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pasta con le Sarde?
Do you think you can help with some vacation advice?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
Could you help provide me with some information on the video game Chrono Trigger?
What is a good inexpensive Christmas present for a casual acquaintance?
Should I keep an ant farm for my kids?
How can I cure hiccups?
What are some unique ideas for Christmas tree decorations?
What are some body weight exercises that I can do?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn a few things. Can you help me?
Hello, I am trying to find out what is the most healthy cat food for my cats.
I fell in mud and now I have a stain on my jeans. Can you help me remove the stain?
I want to make Kung Pao chicken. Do you know what is it?
how can i get my kids to stop lying?
Are there really UFO's flying around?
What should people do if they find an injured wild animal?
How do you fix a noisy door hinge?
How do I teach my kids how to surf?
What are the main ingredients in meth?
What are the steps I need to take to make donuts from scratch?
When is ice hockey season?
How can I microwave bacon?
How do you train a dog?
what are romantic things to do in the outdoors?
If out space is black, why is the sky blue?
How do you show humility?
Any idea on how I can become a better writer?
How do I know whether a new dog will get along with my cat?
What date was ozzy osbourne born
I want to make nachos. How should I do that?
How do I stop my mum worrying about me all the time?
If there is blood in the poo what is wrong?
I enjoyed the book Blood Meridian. Can you recommend another book that I might enjoy?
I need to learn a few words in Italian. Can you help me/
Should I order a la carte or eat a a buffet?
What is Dow Jones Industrial Average?
Ani deFranco is such a gifted singer and songwriter. What are some of her big hits?
How do I make a breakfast burrito?
My girlfriend is coming over for dinner tonight and I don't have anything prepared for her to eat. Can you give me some last minute meal ideas that I can make quickly and easily. My kitchen is just about empty as well so it needs to be something pretty simple.
What is the largest mountain in the world?
Search for an artichoke dip recipe.
What should you write in a letter of resignation?
What species of trees tend to live the longest?
What are some fun mug cakes I can make?
what are some fun shows to watch in the morning?
How do I trick kids into eating vegetables?
Is aluminum more corrosion resistant than copper?
Where do koala bears live?
What are some ways to improve efficiency when doing house cleaning chores?
How do I make my hair look more shiny and healthy?
What should I do if I get caught up in a human stampede?
Would you be able to provide a copy cat recipe for Girl scout samoas cookies?
I prefer ham over turkey when in comes to a Thanksgiving meal. I didn't want to upset any guests so I had both last night. Was this an appropriate thing to do? I didn't talk about it with anyone.
What is the best way to plant tomatoes?
How much milk should a 1 month baby drink
Where did Gianni Versace die?
At what age to people start to remember Christmas for the rest of their lives?
When writing a company description, what should I include in the description?
how can i get my kids to wake up faster for school?
Does hard liquor get better with age?
What is caramel
What are the ingredients for Chicken Enchiladas?
Can you help my choose a gift for my female partner, she's thirty years old and we've been together for eight years.
Is cooking a meal a good first date?
My son has to write a paper about clouds. Could you help with regards to the different types of clouds and cloud formations etc?
Do I need to have a college degree?
Can you get stores to price match?
What is the longest running TV show?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Miris?
What country is the safest to live in with a family?
How can I prevent my clothes from losing its color or fading?
What mineral is inside a piece of flint?
what are some ways to prepare salmon?
What are some of the biggest caves that I can explore in the United States?
I am trying to find a hotel to stay in for my visit to Paris, France. Can you help?
What is the best way to clean a laptop screen?
How do you make a mold of a kids' hand?
I wonder how long, the average pair of socks, lasts? Might be good to order supplies, on schedule.
Can you tell me what the code of hammurabi was?
How does credit counseling help people?
How do I encourage a toddler to run?
How can I make my elbows less dry and rough?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
Can you give me a recipe for fried chicken?
How to keep insects away from your house?
How can I win a chili cookoff?
Can you help me prepare for an earthquake?
what state in the US grows the most oranges?
The Picture of Dorian Gray, by Oscar Wilde, has been a captivating tale. Some modern series, have remade the tale. I wonder if you know about it?
Are you familiar with the DSM-5?
What is Bruschetta?
What does diversification mean?
I'd like to go on my first date before 2022, how do I make that happen?
How do I wipe a hard drive in Windows?
What are salads that have honey as an ingredient in them?
What are some cool dinosaurs my kids might want to learn about?
What are some ways that I can have more order in life?
Hey, Assistant. I'm trying to do research on Batman. Do you know who that is?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pelēkie zirņi ar speķi?
I want to get family photos taken, does Sears still do that?
How does chewing tobacco give you cancer?
I want to know more about Ernest Hemingway. Please tell me what you know about him.
What time of the year is best for visiting Italy from the United States?
How do you make macarons?
What is it like to be in love?
How do home vacuums work?
What are some Indian curries I can make?
When I clean, some cleaners will have instructions for disinfection versus sterilization. What is there difference between disinfection and sterilization
Do you know of ways one can help a dog with separation anxiety?
What kind of coping strategies can I teach my child to use when he gets mad?
Is there a fee to send money with Zelle?
Salt water taffy seems to be a popular snack on the coast. When did that become so popular as a coastal candy?
There have been some car break-ins around my neighborhood lately. How can I keep my vehicle safe?
How do I properly nail something to do the wall?
Can you tell me about the prohibition days?
What do I buy as a present for a child who loves animals?
My parents are elderly, and my father just died, leaving my mother a widow and alone. I'm worried about how she's going to cope. What can I do to help her?
I get hungry in between meals. What are some healthy foods I can snack on during the day?
What's in the atmosphere of gas giant planets such as Saturn and Jupiter?
What are some ways that I can get rich quickly?
What are some benefits to gravel yard instead of grass lawn?
What should I feed a pet snake?
I hate waking up to loud leaf blowers in the morning, isn't there a law against them or something?
Is coffee hard to grow?
What can you tell me about emperor penguins?
How do I teach counting to a toddler?
I’m trying to find a way to sleep better
I want to get a motorcycle. What should I know?
What is metal fatigue?
Do you think there will be long lines at flight check-in at the airport?
How do you avoid late fees on a mortgage?
I haven't been feeling well lately. What's the fastest way to treat a cold?
Should I invest in the stock market?
What are the medicinal properties of chamomile?
Do you have recipe for chocolate chip pancakes you can walk me through?
I'm trying to make chocolate chip cookies. However, I have never done it before.
Can you tell me the educational route to becoming a clinical chemist?
where is the best country to find gold
Can you help me understand what a hegemony is?
Should you eat more protein when working out?
Could your provide me with some exercises I could do to strengthen my legs.
Do you think free will exists?
What was Albert Einstein's most prolific work?
How can I replace the battery in my car?
Should you flea bomb a home?
Hi, I'd like to become a civil engineer. I just graduated from high school - what should I do next to pursue a career in that field?
Why are designer purses so expensive?
What are you up to?
Find a stuffed shells recipe
Could you recommend some bands to me that sound similar to Creed?
What are some things I can make with chipotle?
What are some games that embrace roleplaying? I want to try some of them out.
I keep throwing up and have diarrhea. What could be wrong?
I have a round face. What kind of haircut is good for me? I'm a woman.
What is Joe Rogan famous for?
I want to get a library card so I can borrow a book from the library. What is the process for applying for a card?
How do I get of coffee stains?
I want to learn how to catch crabs
I'm looking into buying a nice stylish watch that's still durable enough for me to wear on hikes. But I only have a price range of under $150. Do you have any suggestions?
should I see my doctor for my foot
What does an electrician do?
Is a good luck charm just a myth?
I'm looking to hunt wild turkey this year and could use some information.
Please tell me anything important about Australia, such as population, nature, etc.
What are some etiquette culture tips that you know of when traveling to Japan?
What should I pack to go to the beach?
How can I teach my child to ride a bike?
How can I get more upper body strength?
How can I make edible water bubbles
What side dishes should I make with steak?
Alcohol is such a strange beverage, I wonder who the first people were that learned to make beer on purpose?
My eyes have gotten worse and the optometrist said I might need eyeglasses soon. As an adult, will be vision ever improve on its own, or will it only steadily decline?
I wanna identify examples of how neuroethics applies to every day life. Do you have any examples?
My makeup bottle says hypoallergenic, what does that mean?
Why is the length of most songs about three and a half minutes?
How can I take good pictures of clouds?
How do I make Oriental Fried Rice?
Is it illegal for parents to give their children cigarettes?
I'm thinking about getting a Chinese Shar-Pei as a pet. Do they make good pets?
How can I slick back my hair into a neat ponytail?
Do I need to soak navy beans before I cook them on the stove?
I want to sew a fitted sheet for my queen sized mattress and want to know how much fabric to buy.
How do I dehydrate bananas?
Do left-handed scissors, tend to work very well? I'm left-handed, and I've had to adapt and use right hand scissors. The angles are confusing.
I'm trying to learn Spanish. I took a class at a community college and got an A. But, months later, I forgot what I have learned.
What sport does Michael Jordan play?
How can I become a librarian?
Can you give me some examples of breakfast cereals?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Choripán?
A friend of mine has recently lost a family member. What's the best way to organize a funeral service?
How do I edit an essay I wrote?
I'm going to Madrid and need to learn some basic Spanish.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Martabak?
I'm learning about presidents and would like to learn about some of the accomplishments during the Clinton presidency
Why are there so many types of cats?
I want to find other movies like The House Jack Built, do you have any suggestions?
What does it mean when you think you recognise someone, but the person you think it is isn't in the same city as you?
What are some seasonings for roasted chicken?
Is China going to build their own space station?
Should I rent a storage for my belongings?
Who was Gianni Versace?
Can you use superglue on wood?
Why didn't people treat cigarette smoke as poisonous back in the old days?
How do I properly store meat in the fridge?
Help me find a recipe for creamy tomato and onion soup
What can you tell me about chihuahuas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Piroshki?
Do you know of any good TV shows?
How should I inspect a used car before I buy it?
How do keep clothes from getting wrinkled after you pull them out of the dryer?
How do you find new apps?
How can I ripen green tomates?
Can you tell me what you know about the underground railroad?
What is 5G?
What are some of Angelina Jolie's best movies?
What's a good breakfast to start the day?
What is the best rock and roll band ever?
What are some of the funniest movies of all time?
What are things to do in Tucson, AZ?
I want to get a birthday gift for my neighbor but I'm not sure what to get her. Can you help me decide on something?
What is the short game?
How do I play disc golf?
What are some cute items my child can collect?
Should I buy gold, platinum, or silver, if I want to invest in metals?
What is a lunar eclipse?
How did Alaska become part of the United States
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Morreia?
What does a park ranger do?
How can I help my anxious friend?
I know some information about acupuncture, such as that it comes from ancient China. But I wanna know, how does acupuncture work?
How can I tell my boyfriend I love him?
What is OTC market?
When will the human brain be simulated?
What is the name of the man who started eBay?
Can anyone learn to play hockey?
Is it true that German is spoken as the main language in certain parts of italy?
Can you tell me how to register my business with a business license?
What is a short sale?
How do I use a fireplace?
I'm host a party for a bunch of people in their 30's tomorrow night. What are some of the best games we could play as a group?
What are some of the best PlayStation 5 games?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zürcher Geschnetzeltes?
When was the Snickers bar first made?
How do you void a check?
Hello, I am trying to find out if aliens are real. Can you help?
How many hours a day should I let my kids play video games?
What are the steps I need to take to make donuts from scratch?
What are some fun activities my kids can do while swimming?
How do I do a devotional for my family?
How do I use a metronome?
Hi, my mom was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's. What can I do to help care for her?
How do I cut a baby's toenails?
Find movies with Nicholas Cage
are there any natural things i can use for a rash?
How are golf balls made?
Can you help me learn how to make Banana Bread?
What is the best way to learn how to surf?
How am I supposed to throw away old tires in California?
Parrots seem like interesting pets. I wonder if they've studied their intelligence levels much?
Can you help me figure out how to transfer files from one phone to another?
How can I get rid of wrinkles on my face?
What are the best tasting onions?
What is the name of the most popular flowers in Texas.
How do I make popcorn without a microwave?
How many people are currently living on planet earth as of 2018?
What are some similiar games to Dying Light?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ma'amoul?
Find Chuck Norris movies
How can I learn to speak russian?
Can you explain to me how scientists determine the age of a fossil?
One famous opera, is Delibes Lakme. Can you tell me a bit about the plot?
I would like some book recommendations similar to the series The Wheel of Time.
How do I learn to smile less awkwardly in photos?
How do you take a screenshot on an Android phone?
Hello, I am trying to find a recipe for Strawberry Shortcake. Can you help?
What should I consider if I'm thinking of getting dreadlocks?
Why aren't governments run by Kings or Queens anymore?
I've had a macbook for 10 months and the battery capacity is already down to 85%. What should I do to check whether this is normal or not?
Pleases tell me how to make butter cookies.
christmas is coming around what should i get my family
What are some good doughnut chains?
how do i know if a baby's diaper is too small?
I always dream about having super powers, do you think that's possible?
What are ways to help a child with performance anxiety, say like in sports?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
Could you recommend me a couple good Drama TV shows?
Can you give me some techniques to help deal with difficult people?
Who is your hero
How do I become a life guard?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rempeyek Kacang?
What are some good herbal teas for energy?
How can I tell if I am dehydrated?
My grandma has diverticulosis what is that?
Hey! I procrastinated Christmas shopping so now I desperately need help planning last minute Christmas gifts
Are supermarkets open on Thanksgiving Day?
When cycling in the wintertime, can you wear boots rather than cyclings shoes?
How do I stop the pain from an impacted tooth?
What should I bring to a cookout?
How much water should a person drink every day to feel the best?
Which desert is the largest in the world?
How does an annuity work?
Is the US Marines a part of the US Navy?
what is the largest capacity stadium in the world?
What would be the pros and cons of having x-ray vision?
Is going into a lot of student debt worth it in order to go to a prestigious college? I feel like going to a community college and then a state school makes more sense.
I've read that its possible, but very rare, that someone remains conscious during surgery even though they got the anesthesia. Is this true?
should i get a nanny or put my child in daycare?
I once read the Ainu people were the first people in Japan. Can you describe more of the Ainu, such as their history and culture, things like that?
How should I dress on a summer hike?
What should I do to survive a shark attack?
Did Volkswagen ever fix that problem they had with cheating smog checks?
How can I find a mobile video game that I can play with others online?
How can i lessen the water I use during a shower?
I'm trying to buy a violin? It needs to be a good brand and not too expensive. Where could I buy one? Do you know of any websites?
Which one of these states was the first to be created: Oklahoma, Texas, California, Virginia?
How do I clean a tv screen?
What should you know before you sign a lease?
is it better to teach a child letter sounds or letter names first?
How do you make homemade doughnuts?
What is an easement?
I have to write an essay about philosophy where I have to pick one particular school of thought. Could you help by recommending one?
what do i do if my chest is congested?
Writing a story based on a horror theme but what things should I include in the story that relate to horror?
Hi, I'd like to pursue a career as a long-haul truck driver. What do I need to do to accomplish that?
What is the IRS?
I'm looking to make some of those peanut butter cookies with a Hershey's Kiss in the middle. Do you have an easy recipe?
Can you tell me what the meaning and themes are of the book Oliver Twist?
Could you recommend some types of yoga I could do to help reduce stress.
I have a question regarding web development. On a website, how do I make a link that auto-scrolls user view to a specific part of the page when clicked?
What is a good way to stop rats from living in my metal storage shed?
Can you recommend to me some birds that make good pets?
gta was release on what date
Did the Moon form from parts of the Earth or was it pulled into orbit from somewhere else?
What are some ways that I can get smoother skin?
How do I encourage a baby to roll over?
What's the best place in Philadelphia to get a cheesesteak?
How do I plan a good Valentine's Day for my sweetheart?
I'm trying to find vegan kitkats
Do you like stories?
My waterproof jacket shell keeps wetting out. Is this normal?
How does photosynthesis work?
How do you become a certified automotive mechanic?
What activities should I do with a 5 year old who is bored?
comfort a grandparent that has lost their spouse recently.
I'm interested in true crime stories, can you give me some information on the Amazon Review Killer?
How can I celebrate my dog's birthday?
How do you add a printer to Windows 10?
Can you tell me a bit about the history of exorcisms?
What are some good day trips from Phoenix, AZ?
How do I tell my kids that my husband and I are getting a divorce?
What are things I can use to cook spam?
What are some shows I might like if I like House?
Do you know what I should do if my car is overheating?
I'm planning a trip to an amusement park. What should I bring with me?
Should I rent a house or rent an apartment?
What are some things I can make with store bought rotisserie chicken?
I'm trying to find arguments against smoking. Can you help?
I am curious to know how museums acquire art
I'm taking a trip across country and I have a gun with me that I have a permit for. However, I'm not sure what the individual laws are in different states, or what the laws are for crossing state lines with registered firearms. Can you help me clear this up?
How can I get my dog to be friendly towards cats?
Is covid ever going to go away?
What is the process to become a nuclear ship technician in the Navy?
Can you tell me how commercial fishing regulations work in terms of quotas?
How do you use a bench vise to hold things in place?
I have a 3-month-old child. Is it too soon to get them a kitten?
Are there any known planets besides Earth that contain Oxygen in their atmosphere?
How can I make my eyes look whiter?
How do I help my child who is being bullied in school?
Should I remove a gecko from my house?
How do I care for a parrot?
how is wool from sheep processed?
How does a touch-screen on an iPad work?
What does a blue moon mean?
How do I make queso?
When I make chile rellenos, the chiles are not blackened and blistered like I wish they were. What can I do when cooking them to ensure they are blackened and blistered?
What is your biggest fear?
How do you find a comfortable couch?
What construction method do most modern homes use?
How can I add calcium to soil?
Hi, my stainless steel sink is covered with hard water deposits. How can I get them off?
What are the benefits of a yoga retreat?
Can dolphins sing?
I want to start a youtube channel but I dont know where to begin, can you help?
What kind of finger food do people usually serve at an informal party?
Is it possible that other dimensions exist?
Why is the planet Jupiter so much larger than the other planets in our solar system?
How can I save apple seeds?
How do I safely store kitchen knives when they're not in use?
What are the Twelve Days of Christmas?
I have an assignment to submit tomorrow. Can you write me an essay about the dangers of social media?
How do I learn how to fish?
What are some gifts I could get my wife for our first anniversary?
Do you like snow or sun better?
Are there any kind of syrup remedies that truly help get over a cold?
I'm 12 and want to convince my parents to let me use makeup.
I'm thinking about watching a different movie. Wasn't Dean Martin in a western once? I might watch that.
Why do I keep sweating at night?
How do you keep the inside of a car from getting too hot in the summer?
Where are some places I can go dancing in Nashville Tennessee?
What are ways to support women go have misogynistic family members?
How do you convert inches to centimeters?
Do people in Italy eat a lot of Pizza?
Can you tell me about the history of the construction of Big Ben in England?
I'm trying to eat a healthier diet and I'm wondering what types of foods I should avoid generally.
What are some recipes that use banana?
What kind of online teacher can I be?
How corrosion resistant is lead?
What is Oktoberfest?
What is daylight savings?
I've always wanted to write a novel. Where is a good place to start?
I'm trying to figure out how to write a personal budget. Can you help with that?
How do I take a power nap?
What can I do to reduce my risk of colon cancer
How can I get motivated to make some music like when I was younger?
How do I make quinoa?
What is the most scariest animal in the ocean?
When people ask me to tell them about myself, I'm kind of stumped. What is it that I should be saying exactly?
How can I get a six pack after turning 40?
How can I find out what types of butterflies are in my area?
Can you tell me about bullfrogs?
When will the new version of Doctor Strange be released?
Would you help me learn more about the video game Crysis.
Can you help me understand pay per mile auto insurance?
how can i encourage my teen to volunteer?
What are some good sitcoms like Golden Girls?
What size trampoline should I get for my ten year old twins?
Should kids drink soda?
How do you become a foster parent?
Can people be corrected or improved, after they get out of prison?
I would like to buy noise-cancelling headphones, but I have no idea which ones are good. Any advice?
Are most stores closed on Thanksgiving Day?
Do you have any tips on getting furniture for cheap?
I'm thinking about moving. Where can I sell my house at?
how were the Egyptian Pyramids made?
Find a egg casserole recipe
What's a good way to teach a kid to ski?
What are ways to extend the shelf life of vermouth?
I need help with a task!
What is the process for an individual's home during a bank foreclosure?
I'm going to Portuguese and need to learn some words for food seasonings.
Hi! I want to start taking birth control, but there are so many options! How do I pick a safe option that is good for me and my body?
How can I convince my child to hurry up when he's being slow in getting ready?
Where was the first pub located?
How do I stop drinking so much coke? It's so good!
Best way to make a coat?
Patsy Cline with such a gifted singer. I think she did a few collaborations with Loretta Lynn, or may have toured with Loretta Lynn, is that right?
Why did ancient Egyptians store the organs of the dead, when they mummified their bodies?
How do I get better at talking to people I don't know? I don't have great social skills.
How do you make earrings?
What can I do to achieve healthier skin, hair and nails?
I'm trying to stop my hiccups. Any help?
What is a good website to use to learn another language?
What is a certificate of deposit?
Can you give me a list of fruit that you can only get in the summer?
Today is November 9th, 2021. I want to know when is the next bank holiday in the United States.
what are some good iced teas?
How can I become a reality tv star?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Jagacida?
Should you limit your caffeine?
What are some quick meals I can make in the microwave?
Today, I am craving a caesar salad! Would you be able to provide with me a recipe for anchovy vinaigrette, or a general idea of how to make the vinaigrette?
Why do we have day light savings time
Do you know of any exercises that can help with balance?
I saw beautiful flowers when I visited Texas. They are called Bluebonnet, Who gave the flowers that name?
I'm being detained for a crime I didn't commit. Should I talk to police about what happened so I can help clear my name, or wait for my lawyer?
what is the largest lake in Texas
I'm thinking about migrating to Europe. Do you think it's a good idea?
What are little things I can do for my husband to show I care?
What are the symptoms of bubonic plague in humans?
What is the best website for booking the international flight?
What can i do with seashells I collected?
I am wondering about science accomplishments. Specifically, can you tell me of women that are known for their big scientific findings or accomplishments?
What is a fuel efficient compact car?
I’m trying to decide on what Apple watch to buy
What kind of foods cause GERD?
What do I do if my students do not listen to me?
I need a good winter glove and I'm wondering what materials I should be looking for. I want something lightly insulated but weather resistant.
i want to learn to play the piano
Does learning to play a musical instrument have any benefit for children later in life?
What is the New England region of the United States?
The Doobie Brothers seem to have been around for decades. I'm curious about a few of their first hits, on the music charts?
I heard the computer vulnerability, log4J, is harmful malware that can access personal information. Do you know anything about this?
Can you buy specialized car insurance for classic cars?
what are some places to go in java, indonesia?
I am curious if you can help me understand the difference between scotch and whiskey.
Can you take your blood pressure at home?
I would like to find some resources on helping me deal with my Anger Management.
How does the human body know where to grow things like hair and nails?
Do you know of any fun Christmas activities for children?
I need to make a batch of 24 chocolate chip cookies. Can you help me?
I am writing about the tissue of the body
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nan Gua Bing?
What are things I should not be putting in my garbage disposal?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Raclette?
What is the horoscope for a Pisces today?
Can you tell me what types of traits to look for when choosing a good dog for an apartment setting?
Can you negotiate at the flea market?
How long does an OttLite bulb last?
How can I steal an Identity?
Is a veterinarian a good career?
how often should i vacuum my carpet?
What should I serve with stuffed peppers?
What are some skills I need to be a security guard?
How can I make stonewash jeans?
How can I catalog my record collection?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
How do I remove rust from my car?
I'd like to buy a high quality entry level road bike. What price ranges am I looking at?
What is Pacman?
How do you store books in order to preserve them for a long time?
How can I get my child more excited about potty training?
Which game includes the following phrase "Do not pass go, do not collect $200”?
Could you help me learn more about Stephen King?
What are some good places to visit in London?
What do I do if my child is being bullied?
I'm trying to plan a trip to Disney
what are some interesting sea creatures?
Can you tell me about red dye in foods and why people say it is harmful?
I would like to see the new Matrix movie. Could you tell me a little about the previous movies in the series so I can catch up?
What are some ideas for a kids' christmas party?
Do you know if there is much difference between cage-free eggs and regular ones? Why are the cage-free more expensive?
Do fairies exist?
How do you make popcorn with a popcorn machine?
What computer tech fields are growing the fastest?
Can you tell me the difference between the civil and criminal courts in the American justice system?
If I was going to become a fan of NFL football, what team would be the best team to root for?
I want to be more productive at work but I have trouble staying motivated, do you have any advice for me?
How do I find my measurements for a formal men's suit?
I want to have a holiday themed movie night. Can you recommend some popular Christmas movies?
I am confused about the difference between LED and LCD in television. Can you explain the difference?
I am writing a paper about Elon Musk. Can you tell me the most important contributions he has made to the scientific community?
What's that very long pointy part on a swordfish is for? Do they even use it for hunting? Like a spear?
I just adopted a new kitten but I'm worried about introducing her to my existing cat. Do you have any advice?
What age should kids begin trick or treating?
How many time zones are there?
Please tell me about Godiva chocolates. They are my favorite.
Can you help me learn a few common Norwegian phrases?
Which oil should be used for frying a turkey
What are healthy snacks that taste good, but have higher fiber, and lower sugar?
Can you tell me who the first billionaire in United States history was?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cah Kangkung?
Why don't some people want to wear mask to slow the spread of Covid during this pandemic?
How often should you update your computer's anti-virus? I haven't updated mine in over a year.
What are the advantages of taking a cruise versus flying from place to place?
Can you tell me which careers use geometry the most?
I love Big Macs. Do you know what they are?
How do I become a camp counselor?
How can I comfort a child whose cat has died?
I read somewhere that I should rotate my car tires every time I get an oil change. Is that right?
Babe Ruth seemed to be a busy guy, when he was famous. What is he best known for?
I am a massive fan of Japanese food. Can you provide me with a recipe for miso soup?
Can you recommend something to buy for Christmas for my two year old niece?
Is Canada a safe place to live?
Before taking on a leadership position at work, I would like to know the cons. I already knows the pros. So I want to know what are the cons of being a leader at work?
Who was the unibomber?
What is the biggest mansion in the U.S.?
How do I teach a child to float on their back?
How do I tie a fishing hook on a line?
What are our closest genetic relatives in the animal kingdom?
How old was the oldest person ever
What are some cool places to visit in Moscow?
What is palm reading?
I'm a woman and am tired of my hair. I'm thinking of buzzing it all off. What should I consider?
How can I make my jeans fit better in the waist?
How do I start planning my wedding?
Is a Christmas club worth it?
Is it better to let the tomato ripen on the vine or should you pick them before they ripen and let them ripen off the vine?
Who created Snoopy from the cartoon Peanuts ?
How do I take care of a pet rabbit?
I'm worried about getting heart disease when I'm older. What exactly is heart disease?
How do I know if I have termites?
I need help figuring out the right sizing for leg warmers to wear when I'm running in wintertime. How do I find the right size?
Why do conservatives want to raise election doubts so they can install a dictator?
How can I clean my toilet thoroughly?
Is premium gas worth the extra money?
I'm planning to go to San Diego. Can you tell me fun places to visit?
What are some good April Fools jokes?
I just came into some money and I'd like a worthy nonprofit to donate to. Can you offer any suggestions?
Who discovered that you could pop corn?
Is there a scientific explanation for "life after death" experiences?
Could you tell me the process of making homemade lemonade?
My son wants to get his first pet. I'm not sure what type of pet would be best for him.
How do you use a manual transmission?
I have to write a school report on the greatest basketball players in NBA history. I know Michael Jordan should be included, but who else can I write about?
How do I stop the swelling in my feet?
How can I recycle foil?
If I'm allergic to my cat will I ever get used to it?
what do i do if i get bitten by a black widow?
Can you give me a recipe for something when I only have one carrot, two potatoes, one cucumber, one red onion, some lentils, frozen peas and jasmine rice?
At what age should kids be allowed to use tablets?
What is the process in order to get my dog fixed?
Can you describe what the Goosebumps books are based on?
How do you become a certified automotive mechanic?
What can you tell me about The great depression?
How do you write a song?
How can I successfully fly a kite?
Do you have any opinions on the recent inflation issues the United States has been facing?
How do you shoot a three pointer in basketball?
I am trying to buy a video game for a friend but need some ideas. What games are similar to skyrim?
I think I just got bitten by a spider! What do I do?
I'd like to make some Chinese food. Can you recommend a delicious and healthy recipe?
what are some traditional superheroes?
Can a guinea pig and a rabbit live together?
How can I teach a child to paint with water colors?
I want to make cranberry sauce for Thanksgiving. Can you help me find a good recipe?
How do I get my dog to stop excessive licking?
Do you know who shot JFK?
Can the police shoot someone for running away from them?
What format should a business plan be in?
How many times a day should a one month old poop?
How often should a child go to the dentist?
Can you provide me with the basic origin of the lemon?
Can you help me learn more about historical figure Samuel Chase?
How can I cut back on my caffeine consumption?
How can I make reusable menstration pads?
How do you apply to college?
Who is Charles Babbage?
What should I know before I fly a drone?
I want to get family photos taken, does Sears still do that?
I am trying to lose some weight. What are some good low fat snack options?
Should I go to Hawaii or Jamaica?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ketoprak?
I need advice on which game console to buy
How do I restart my Xfinity cable box?
Do you know what are harmful things one should not throw away? I know one of them are batteries
How do you sign up for a free email?
Search for a raspberry cheesecake recipe
Can you provide me with some states with a low cost of living?
How can I make a pecan pie?
I'm planning on going on a camping trip for one week in Scotland in the summer. Can you give me some advice about what to carry with me?
How do I get rid of a mouth ulcer?
How can I find out about my ancestors?
What is tennis elbow?
How can I attract bees to bee boxes to have my own honey?
What is better? ear buds or headphones?
Should you fill your gas tank in the winter?
What are some of the ingredients in Tortilla Soup?
How many vegetables should you eat a day?
How do you make a room smell fresh?
How do you draw a pumpkin?
Can you tell me what processes are involved for clouds to form.
What are some good toppings for hamburgers?
My friend is being transferred to Barksdale AFB. Do you know where that is?
How do I get rid of fleas?
Can you help me find a chicken tortilla soup recipe?
I've heard that lightning strikes can be a cause of death for farmers, due to them being on flat plains during storms. What are some of the risks of being struck by lightning as a farmer?
What are some good shows like Dora the Explorer?
Why See's Candies are so popular?
How can I stay cool in the summer if I don't have AC?
I just got a new job in an office and the dress code is "business casual." What kinds of clothes should I wear?
What are the benefits of a health savings account?
I smelled something really bad today. What makes skunks smell the way they do?
How do you find new apps?
What is Watergate scandal?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Aukstā zupa?
I need help waking up early. Do you have any advice!
I am not a religious person, but I'd like to be. How can I explore different faiths and traditions to find one that is right for me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Maní?
How do you get better at using sign language?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shami Kebab?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Makai?
I want to get better at writing. Can you tell me when I should be using a semicolon in my sentences in general?
I'm thinking about building a structure with bricks. I've been considering the grout. What types of grout are there? I wonder if one's better than the other.
Why do they make cars go faster than what is allowed legally by law?
How can I make a proper fire when out camping?
What are the pros and cons of building large walls at the border to keep illegal immigrants out?
How can I fix my broken phone screen
What is the US tax rate
Sometimes after a long and stressful day at work I like to relax and unwind by watching tv. Are there any feel-good shows you could recommend?
How do I get my child to want to walk more and not be in a stroller as much?
How do you treat chicken pox?
How does the water cycle work?
What is the youngest age someone can get a black belt in Karate?
How do I get rid of cradle cap?
I'm looking for some ideas for a good dessert to have on Thanksgiving that is a bit different than what is usually served.
what colour should I paint my walls if I have a grey sofa?
what are some fun shows to watch in the morning?
What is the most scariest animal in the ocean?
How much meat should my kids eat a day?
Are Siamese cats smarter than other breeds?
How do I open gifv files?
My friend is coming over for dinner but they're vegan. I don't know anything about vegan food. What can I serve as a main course?
What does the acronym RNG mean?
I'm thinking about purchasing an electric vehicle. Could you please tell me some of the pros and cons of owning one?
My dog peed on the couch and left a stain, is there an easy way to remove it?
Can you tell me more about the doctor's eyes in the Great Gatsby?
What are some fun musical instruments for toddlers?
How do I get my dog to stop excessive licking?
Why do people like to watch movies that scare them?
Where can I download the 7zip program?
Can you walk me through how to cook the perfect scrambled eggs?
I have an anxiety disorder and I'm trying to figure out strategies to calm my anxiety attacks. Do you have any advice?
What was one of the major battles from the United States civil war?
Do you have a recipe for nachos?
How do you pack fragile items when moving house?
what are the effects of stress on the body?
What should I paint on my mug?
Do you think you can help me learn what a person should do immediately after a car crash?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
How do you load staples into a stapler?
How can I get started with coin collecting?
How do I start meditating?
What happens to a congressman when he gets censured by congress?
Can you teach me how to juggle? Describe the process if you know.
A friend loves to chew on pen, I would like to help him overcome this bad habit, what should I do?
What are way to decline an invitation after already declining multiple previous times?
My daughter has to take her driving test soon. What are some basic tips I can give her to help her become a good driver?
How do I make a homemade milkshake?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shengjian Mantou?
What are the differences between milk and soy milk?
What food have the most protein
Should you take a part time job while in college?
How do I cure zits
I would like to learn a little about politics. Can you help?
What are the pros and cons of buying a Jeep Wrangler?
I have just arrived in Thailand and want to travel to Pai. Can you tell me a few things that I can do there?
How can I get rid of calluses on my hands?
My friend wants me to eat a restaurant and I don't want to because of COVID
What should I do if I have terminal cancer?
Is golf hard to learn?
Lately I'
Can you tell me how commercial fishing regulations work in terms of quotas?
Is a hamster a good pet for a kid?
What does a psychologist do?
Hello, I am trying to find out if Santa Claus is real. Can you help?
Can you help my choose a gift for my female partner, she's thirty years old and we've been together for eight years.
Can you help me find popular New Year's Eve destinations?
The Three Stooges have been a classic part of humor. How did they get started?
i am in the mood to watch a movie. What would you recommend? and why?
How much should you tip your waitress?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
are fisher cats dangerous
Do you have to go to school to be a manicurist?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ayem Goreng?
I'm having an issue with my cats fighting. Can you help?
What happened to Frosty the Snowman
How do you keep your bills organized so you pay them on time?
Can cats be taught to walk on a leash?
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
How do I build my dropshipping store? I have it set up to launch and products, and I've even made some tiktoks to advertise my content but I'm new to this and I don't have any orders yet
Can you tell me how to play an MMORPG video game on PC?
I am going for an interview tomorrow. I am very nervous as I want the job. What is the best way for me to stand out?
Who is Ellon Musk?
As Thanksgiving is next week, what are you grateful for?
What countries are considered to be Scandinavia?
Could you give me some information on the origin story of the legend of Bloody Mary?
How do I train for a marathon?
can you explain synonyms
My best friends are in a fight and it is putting stress on our friend group. How can I help them see through their disagreement?
What are basic tap dance steps
I'm planning a camping trip for next summer but don't have the equipment yet. Can you help me pick out the best tent?
Can you tell me about the United States history?
When did Alaska become part of the United States?
What are some good hobbies that I can start that don't cost a lot of money?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
Do you have any advice for how to help someone who suffers from low self esteem?
Why is it important to stretch before exercising?
How can I take good pictures of clouds?
What are some non scary activities for toddlers for Halloween?
Which dog breed has the longest life span?
Can I grow tomatoes in my backyard?
I want to donate to a charity, but know that lots of charities don't use the money properly. Which charities are most efficient?
I've heard it said that Opera singers usually are known to have their best voice, over 35 years of age, with years of training. I wonder what the trained range is, the best age range, for a seasoned Opera singer?
What is the best way to leash train a dog?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Umfitit?
How can I make a basketball hoop?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Rouz Jerbi?
I'm trying to learn more about the Transnistria War.
What are the rules of the card game solitaire?
I'm going to Spain and want to learn some basic food words in Spanish. Can you help me?
Can you give some examples of cable television providers in the US?
How do I put air in tires?
what are some good places to visit in St. Louis?
Describe a light year to a fifth grader
How do I change a baby's dirty diaper?
What are some good proposal ideas
I need to make about 2 dozen peanut butter cookies, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
What are some sweet things to mix with cream of wheat?
Who was Kant?
There are some pretty luxurious ships for millionaires, what is the most expensive one?
I'm taking a trip to Paris and would like to learn a few common French phrases.
My son wants to get his first pet. I'm not sure what type of pet would be best for him.
Can you tell me the basics of travel insurance?
I'm planning on investing on cryptocurrency, what type of cryptocurrency is the best these days?
Is it easier to fly a helicopter or an airplane?
What are the pros and cons of going on a vacation?
What are some good dishes with mushrooms?
What are some good things that small children can collect?
I love the paintings of Water Lilies by Monet. What is the largest one he ever produced I wonder? They could get pretty big, the canvases.
I'm trying to plan a wedding but I don't know where to have it. What would be a good location?
What are some tips to entertain a baby?
I want to make a scrapbook to remember a family vacation. What kinds of things should I include?
What's the difference between a road bike and a mountain bike?
How can I be safe purchasing cryptocurrency
How can I stop being afraid of the dark?
Whats a good movie for the whole family?
I'm trying to remember the name of my favorite disney movie
I'm trying to think of gift ideas to get my mother for her birthday. Do you have any recommendations of a gift a can make by hand?
I've heard a lot of motivational speakers talk about only getting 3 to 4 hours of sleep a night. How come some people can function so well on so little sleep?
Are lovebirds good pets?
How do you store books in order to preserve them for a long time?
Which bands are similar to Cage the Elephant?
Can you recommend a good science fiction movie?
How do I housebreak a puppy?
Explain how to fold a fitted sheet
How do you keep towels from stinking up?
Do you have some ideas for making hamburgers more unique such as spices and toppings?
is captain planet still on tv somewhere?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
We're having trouble with our pet, a green parakeet, it has gone really quiet and doesn't seem to be feeding properly. Please help.
Did human beings ever hunt wooly mammoths?
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
I am taking a psychology class, and I have a hard time understanding the Pavlov Dog experiment. Can you explain it to me?
I need to find a good recipe for Thanksgiving, do you have any ideas?
How do I teach math montessori style?
I'm gonna list some foods and you tell me which wines you know they can be paired with. Are you ready?
Can worms reproduce without opposites sexes?
What is the best news organization for non bias news?
How do I ask some to the prom?
How do I spot shooting stars?
What should you pack in a diaper bag when you go to an amusement park?
I love adventure movies set in the desert. Can you give me some recommendations?
What are some seasonings for roasted chicken?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Samaki?
How do you remove old coffee stains from carpet?
I would like to know what "critical race theory" is?
How can I make my own fried chicken?
what is the longest river in the united states
I want to know the history of Google Corporation. It has grown tremendously since it went public.
I've just got my first apartment and I'd like to get some house plants that aren't easy to kill and maybe some fresh herbs I could grow on my small balcony. Any suggestions?
Do you know of any fun Christmas activities for children?
I need a good divorce lawyer. can you help me find one?
I'm planning a camping trip for next summer but don't have the equipment yet. Can you help me pick out the best tent?
How can I calculate percentages fast?
Do you think you can tell me what a librarians job actually is?
Can you explain the rules of American Football please?
How do I fly a kite?
Do you have any recommendations for gifts to give newlyweds?
I'm trying to learn a new language. Do you think an hour a day is enough practice?
Can you recommend some singers or bands that are similar to Orville Peck?
I keep hearing this diesel truck driving by, do they get good gas mileage?
What are materials I can make a sun shade out of?
What should I have for breakfast
How do I care for a sneezing cat?
When did the First Fleet land in Australia?
I'm trying to find out how much yarn I need to make a sweater for a six year old child.
Hi, I'm interested in the music of the 1970s. Can you help me create a playlist of the best songs from the era?
What are some interesting kinds of pestos I can make?
Hey, I'm just making it out of an abusive relationship and I'm looking for ways to build my self esteem back. Do you have some ideas on how I can achieve this?
How do I backup important computer files?
I have to write a poem for school, but don't know how to begin. Do you have any tips?
How do I enroll my child in private school?
How do you apply to college?
I got a new pet bearded dragon and I need some information on pet care.
Can you explain to me why many cities in California have Spanish sounding names?
Who started labelling younger generations?
what are some things i can cut out of my budget so that i can save for a trip?
Why is America the only western country to use Fahrenheit as opposed to Celsius?
What is urgent care used for?
How can I reduce my risk of a heart attack
What is quinine?
Who created YouTube?
I'm trying to find out the composer who wrote La Boheme. Can you help?
How do I write a biography?
How can I find out if I am eligible for college financial aid?
What are some cheap gifts to give for Christmas?
I need some advice and tips for buying a house
What are materials I can make a sun shade out of?
What preparations should I make when expecting a new baby?
What is an easy way to memorize the presidents
I'm looking for rock and roll music to listen to. What are some of Don Henley's famous hits?
I'm looking to learn more about electric vehicles. Can you tell me why they're better than normal cars?
What kind of items can I donate to Goodwill?
What's the average height of men in america?
I think I've mentioned to you before how much I like Japanese food. I have a lot of Japanese curry, but there's curry from other places in the world. Can you tell me the differences between Japanese curry and Indian curry?
I am watching a horse for a friend of mine while she is on vacation for two weeks. What should I do to make sure the horse is taken care of and comfortable while I am there?
Is it safe to walk in Central Park at night?
I want to learn how to do a pullup. I'm not strong enough yet, what are some exercises I can do to get stronger?
How many Indigeonous tribes are federally recognized in the USA?
What are some good songs by Michael Buble?
What are main plots in season 1 of House of Cards?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chapati?
How do I uninstall a program from my computer?
I'm looking for advice to become better at swimming.
How do I welcome a new neighbor?
What do I do if my infant is choking on something?
How can I build my immune system?
What currency does France use?
I'm planning a trip to Boston, MA. Can you tell me some of the popular attractions and landmarks?
can i install a siren on my car?
I am planning a vacation for 2022.
How can I find ways to motivate myself to be more productive?
What is the most watched sport in the world?
What is the best way to clean a laptop screen?
I wonder what kind of fabric makes the most effective gift wrapping bow. Plastic, wool, paper?
How to check the weather online in real time?
I'm looking for a new desktop computer
How can I decorate my house for Christmas to make it feel fun and festive?
Where was Joe Biden born?
What does a flash flood warning mean?
Will the post office pick up boxes you want to mail?
What is the musical, Phantom of the Opera, about, plot wise?
was johnny cash wife black
Which car should I buy for myself and my family? I have 2 kids (ages 3 and 7)
when building a new doorway what is the best header to use
How can I stop my addiction to slot machines?
Can you help me find a recent Pixar movie that is about space?
I need to rewire a lamp.
What do you do when your car is hydroplaning?
Can you tell me about Kwanzaa?
What should I do if my child is too afraid to pull her loose baby tooth out?
Why do I have tinnitus in the morning?
What is concealer?
How do I make a quesadilla like they do at a Mexican restaurant?
Why do street tacos taste so much better than in a restaurant?
Do kids like to learn ice hockey?
Can you tell me which planets in the solar system have moons besides Earth?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mantou?
Is it better to eat free range chicken?
Is the new COVID variant from South Africa a serious one?
What is a good family dog?
This Veteran's Day I want to do something to show our veterans how much we care, but I have no idea what to do. Can you suggest anything?
What does the Richter scale do?
I'm trying to find out more information on President Andrew Johnson, can you help?
My woke friends are kind of getting on my back because I am resisting adding my pronouns to things like my Twitter profile and other social media spaces. I find the whole pronoun thing a little tiresome, to be honest. Is that bad?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Arayes?
I'm interested in foreign cinema. Can you recommend some classics to me? I haven't seen much.
Is burning man a heathen festival?
What are some things that are good to take along on a hiking trip?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pol Sambola?
What is the best way to melt ice on my driveway?
How can I cut a watermelon?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Torta de Higo?
Can you help me bake a cake for my boyfriend's birthday? I need ideas as to what flavour I should pick.
I plan on trying to go on a intermittent fast. I want to do it for at least a week. Can you help me schedule this out for the next week?
Did humans evolve from monkeys?
What is the most plausible answer for why ships disappear in the bermuda triangle?
What are some crochet ideas for a beginner?
Why did Europeans end up colonizing most of the world? How did they end up with the upper hand?
What can cause tooth pain
Who is Barak Obama?
How do I learn better punctuation skills?
How is an IPA beer different than an APA beer?
I'm curious, which animal do you think would win in a fight: a jaguar or a coyote?
My best friend is getting married and I am her maid of honor. I have to write a speech about her and I would like it to be witty. Can you help?
How do I clean my gutters
How can I get better lighting in my house?
is it safe to eat grape seeds?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Encebollado?
What can I do if a skunk makes a nest outside my home?
I want to know about Kim Jong Un. Who is he?
Find Ed Sheeran songs
Do you have any good electric hair trimmer suggestions?
How do I get a toddler to stop throwing a tantrum?
How can I find an electrician to let me be his or her apprentice?
Search for best Rob Lowe movies
How can I develop better public speaking skills?
How do I deal with being cyberbullied?
Why doesn't the bible have page numbers like other books?
Can you tell me a little bit about the origins of the Pashto language?
I have to write an article for school about space travel, but really need some help.
Which Weezer album is the best?
How can I tell if produce has gone bad?
Do you have any good essential oil diffuser recommendations that cost under $50?
Do you like stories?
How do lithium batteries work?
How do I make bacon crispy?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
How do I eat an oyster without gagging?
I think toilet paper is wasteful. Are there any alternatives?
I'm trying to build a fire in Fall in the Pacific Northwest and so much of the wood is damp. What can I do?
Is the snake population in Florida becoming a problem?
I'm trying to decide on where to get the ps5 for the best price
Search for avocado toast recipe.
How do I come out to my family?
I haven't cleaned my gutters in a few years. What are the consequences of never cleaning them?
Can you tell me the cost of flights from Canada to Philippines? I'm looking to fly in the next two months.
What is the difference between cheese that is orange and cheese that is white?
Is it okay to hand wash wool?
How do I keep my dog from getting lost?
What did the ancient greeks and romans use for weight exercise?
How do I block someone on Instagram?
what is the largest turkey ever recorded
What are some movies with Arnold Schwarzenegger in them?
Find David Spade movies
Hey! I want to start a dropshipping store but I'm not exactly sure how to get started.
What are some popular cocktails or alcoholic drinks to have at brunch?
How do I teach reading montessori style?
How do I train my cat who is being bad?
What are the main ingredients in meth?
How can I figure out if it is cheaper to switch to a different auto insurer?
I need to know how to tie a fisherman's knot.
Can you tell me about Kwanzaa?
I love my partner very much, but he frustrates me sometimes. He often asks for my opinion about situations which are upsetting him—a conflict he's having at work or an issue with a stranger in the supermarket—and he seems to really want my advice. But if I disagree with his behavior or think the other person has a point, he blows up at me. If I'm on his side, he's fine. This isn't fair to me.
What is a nice christmas bonus for a part time babysitter?
What is the easiest way to hang Christmas lights?
what are some classic jazz artists that I can enjoy?
What was the name of that story where the character wore a glove filled with vaseline?
Hello, Can you help me make a basic webpage?
I'd like to learn about the stock market.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad Thai?
How do I make homemade whipped cream?
Can you tell me the pros and cons of getting a breast reduction?
What is the Supreme Court?
Explain how to prepare for a job interview
I want to put together a gift basket for a friend that's going through a stressful time. Do you have any suggestions?
I am trying to gain more muscle. What are some of the best exercises for building muscle?
Tell me about Astro Boy video game.
I'd heard that Lady Gaga was on tour again. What were her biggest selling hits so far?
I would like to know a bit of history regarding WW2 for a blog I am writing. Can you help?
What are the general uses of cornstarch when cooking?
How do I avoid my baby getting eaten by mosquitoes when sleeping?
Could you help provide me with some information on the video game Chrono Trigger?
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
Should kids use mouthwash?
How does a fireplace remove smoke but keep the heat in the house?
Are angels real?
Can you tell me what some of the benefits are of getting regular exercise, and ways to increase exercise in my life?
Hello, I am trying to figure out what Mozart's famous opera was. Can you help?
What steps do I have to take to become a pro NASCAR driver?
I have been having difficulty quitting smoking and I'm looking for new ideas on how to make it easier. How can I quit smoking?
Man, sometimes I have to correct my typing. I think I picked up bad habits learning on my won. Do you know any way a person could go back and learn to type the right way?
What are tapas?
How do you measure blood pressure at home?
I would like the history of Thanksgiving Day. Can you explain it to me?
How can I become a graphic designer?
I'd like to take up hunting for food but I've never used firearms before. What can I do to prepare myself for using a firearm to hunt?
Hi, can you help with an essay that I have to write for University?
What are some things I can do in Monterrey, Mexico?
Any tips on how to improve energy level in the afternoon?
Can you tell me which metro stations to take in order to get from Long Beach to LAX?
Hi, how does a car engine work?
Can you help me make a sheet pan dinner?
What are good finger foods for a two year old?
Do people with real dark skin get sunburns?
Do you have a recipe for devil eggs?
What are some must have baking tools?
Is it possible that Big Foot exists?
i am trying to write a blog about 'why we need to rethink the way we build skills for todays economy'. Can you help me?
what are some good korean SUVs?
Will Covid-19 ever be over?
Can you help me find the schedule for this seasons baseball games for a team?
Is premium gas worth the extra money?
How do I wipe a hard drive in Windows?
I'm thinking about having a child with my partner, is it a good idea?
How do I buy a domain name?
What are some cute dress up items for girls?
Are mermaids real?
Why do conservatives want to raise election doubts so they can install a dictator?
What are some fun things to do in Las Vegas?
I'm looking for a modern romance movie, that won recent Academy Awards. Any recommendations?
I'm looking for some new music to listen to. I usually like EDM with Avicii and Galantis being two of my favourite artists. What other songs or artists could I listen to?
How do I float on my back in the water?
Why do magnets attract iron?
build a safe outside play area for a three year old and a five year old
Are outdoor cameras good at catching thieves?
How can I get someone to stop believing fake news on social media?
Do you know of any ways to make living with roommates easier?
How do I make my own hot sauce?
Do you have any baby shower party ideas?
Does writing in a journal help when you are stressed?
What is a trust fund?
Hi, I want to listen to a bunch of sad music. Can you help me create a playlist of some of the saddest songs ever?
Can you summarize the events that took place during World War 1 from what caused it to how it ended?
How can I keep spiders out of my house?
How many words does the average novel have in it?
Julia Roberts is a famous actress. What were some of her best-known movies?
What are some environmentally friendly ways to go to work?
what kind of snacks can i give my horse?
Can you tell me some information about Snakehead fish?
Can you tell me about 18th century Japanese history?
I would like to know about Jehovah's Witnesses. My grandmother is a very devout believer and I do not follow any sort of religion. What are some things I should know when conversing with her?
Is there a such thing as third cousins?
How do I use a multimeter?
How often should I have my teeth cleaned and examined?
What can I do to avoid getting acne breakouts?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baklawa?
I need to repaint my living room but I have never done it before. Are there any tips for painting a wall?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Smørrebrød?
How can I make a room less dingy?
How do I know when it's time to upgrade my phone?
I'm going to get my wisdom tooth out. What kind of anesthesia is used?
Can you tell me how refineries and the oil supply affects the oil market and prices?
why shouldn't kids drink energy drinks?
The leaves on my plant are turning yellow. What could be the possible causes?
what are some physical games to play at a kids' birthday party?
What are some animals I can feed at a petting zoo?
I'm trying to clip my dogs nails, Any advice?
I want to make a nice tablescape for Thanksgiving dinner. What kind of centerpiece should I have?
How do I make my car smell good?
How does home insurance work?
What are the best knives to cut a steak with?
Big band music has been on my mind. Any bands or big band songs you can recommend?
What are the differences between houses made of wood and houses made of brick?
Is it easy to learn a new language?
What's the easiest way to mince garlic?
I'm trying to throw a Super Bowl party. What kinds of things should I do?
Which Hawaiian island is the best for a vacation?
Which state is more expensive to live in, Maine or Vermont?
What is the reason people paint the bottom part of tree trunk white?
can i keep a cockatiel and a parrot together?
Can you tell me what are some soft foods that can help relieve toothaches?
My history project is on Richard The Lion Heart. I need help.
Can you describe how avocados grow?
I recently saw The Wire and thought it was great. Can you recommend similar shows?
when building a new doorway what is the best header to use
How do I ride a skateboard?
What are some cardio machines I can buy for home?
I got grease stain on my shirt. Is there any way to remove it?
Can you tell me how to get a pilot's license?
How should my child to multiply numbers?
How do you use color palette to find colors that are complimentary to each other?
Please tell me the internet history.
Do you know of ways one can relieve back pain outside of surgery and physical therapy?
What can I put in hard shell tacos?
How do I make icing for sugar cookies?
How can I start a recycling system at home?
What do you think about "cancel culture" and how it conflicts with the freedom of speech?
Do you like to ski
What items should be in a first aid kit?
What does Doctors without Borders do?
how do i throw a robot themed birthday party?
What are the origins of leprechauns?
I'm interested in learning more about astronomy. Where should I start?
I want to cook my spouse a fancy breakfast for her birthday, and I need some ideas
What is the keyboard shortcut to send the screen back to desktop in Win 10?
What is bocce ball
I started to see something that I think is black mold in my garage. How can confirm what it is?
Can you help me find a site to learn R markdown?
Gambling addiction is more prevalent that people realize. I wonder if psychology is getting better at treating that addiction?
I want to make a nice steak dinner, but I don't know the difference between the various cuts of steak.
Do you have any advice on how I can get an internship without any experience?
What do I do about a spine that feels misaligned after childbirth?
How do I organize my extra bedding?
What is the SEC?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
Joan of Arc was canonized as a saint. Was she Catholic?
What is a hangover?
How do I know whether a new dog will get along with my cat?
Has COVID-19 affected immigration into the United States?
What are some things to do in Los Angeles
What is a dental implant?
What are some fun games to play while camping?
I’m trying to find a monthly subscription of gifts for my dog
What do I do if my child has a diaper rash?
How do you make panettone?
I want to put together a classic Italian dinner. What types of dishes should I include?
Can you tell me why my plant is dying?
Can you explain to me what a raw food diet consists of
I have been a toxic relationship over the last six months and I am having some trouble ending it. Can you give me some advice on how to end this toxic relationship?
What is beef jerky?
What are homeopathic ways to battle cancer?
Search for carmel apple pie
What does the tomb of the unknown soldier mean?
What advice do you have for riding a horse?
I have a Padres baseball hat I wanna clean but I have heard to not toss it in the laundry. Do you know ways to clean baseball hats?
How do you do well in a job interview?
What are Macy's store hours?
What are some things I can put on the window for shade?
I want to open a new checking account. Which banks offer this for free?
I need to explain to my supervisors at work how switching to solar energy to power our factory is a good thing to do. I want to have a good argument to give to them why we should switch to solar energy. Other than the effect on the environment what else can I tell them to persuade them?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Spinach Arancini?
What are the differences between jelly and jam?
I do a lot of typing work and I'm trying to learn how to type faster. Are there any techniques or hand positions that improve typing speed?
My dog has some scabs on his back. What could be causing these?
Search for Mariah Carey best songs
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
Please list out details instructions relative to parallel parking.
What tools do I need to change the tire on my car?
Which animal is smarter? Cats or Dogs?
What music app would you recommend for a good range of music?
How does someone become a private investigator?
How do you pack fragile items when moving house?
Which shipping carrier is cheaper for shipping packages?
What does statute of limitations mean?
I want to make a Christmas wreath to hang on my front door.
what are fun st. patricks day crafts?
What is macular degeneration?
Do wireless headphones have lower sound quality than wired headphones?
Can you help me research the Italian Renaissance? Who were the most important people and artistic works during that time?
What are the 12 amendments?
I'm going on a camping trip. How do I stay safe around wildlife?
How do you refill the paper tray in a laser printer?
I'm trying to decide on the best type of desk to buy for office work
How do I stop from being so ticklish?
I am wondering about science accomplishments. Specifically, can you tell me of women that are known for their big scientific findings or accomplishments?
HI, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of ELO. Can you suggest some of their best songs, or even albums, that I could add to a playlist and get a good grasp on their sound, and musical progression?
Can you give me some tips on learning a foreign language?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
I'm curious if there has been research scientifically, about whether the non physical entities of angels, exist? A spiritual mentor that looks after people, from the afterlife?
how do I make a good lasagna
I have tickets to a music festival. What can I expect from the festival?
I noticed how most male mammals are larger than their female counterparts, and I'm wondering what animal species there are where that's reversed, and the females are larger than the males.
Why do I see so many people driving at night with their lights off? It really is a problem in my eyes and this is not something I am making up. Multiple cars a night I see on the road with no lights on. Is it just the dumbing down and laziness of society due to technology or is there another reason. I am in my mid-40s and have never seen so many cars driving around at ight with their lights off.
how do i milk a goat?
What does Google Location History do?
How can I have a successful auction on ebay?
I've been curious about NFTs (especially NFT games like Axie Infinity) but have never really had the time to look more into them. I've read tidbits of info on them, but still have doubts about making a living out of playing those games. What's the fuss about?
Do you think you can explain how mozzarella cheese is made?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nalesniki?
Can you give men an estimate on how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Ohio?
How do you remove excess water from leafy greens after you wash them?
Which company invented the first portable CD player?
"The Coffee Song", sung by Frank Sinatra has a great beat, but might have some cultural appropriation going on. Do you know how much history about the song?
What time of the year should I plant roses in Maryland?
How do I groom a dog?
What is the correct way to apply makeup?
Should you eat more protein when working out?
What is sepsis?
Do dreadlocks cause your hair to fall out?
How do I learn to dive from a diving board?
I want to learn about scary bacteria and viruses. But first, would you explain to me the differences between the two/
What are games like tag my kids could play?
I am trying to get a better understanding of cryptocurrency. Do you know how it works?
I'm looking for some music to add to my playlist. Can you suggest anything? I like rock, pop and country.
How can I wake up on time naturally without an alarm?
I'd like to start baking my own bread. How do I get started?
I need to make some breakfast pancakes for my parents in law but I have no idea how to cook them. Can you walk me through it?
what is the difference between US and UK English?
How can I get my clothes to come out of the wash smelling and looking super clean?
Can you tell me what company developed the video game Spyro The Dragon?
Can you tell me some recent Marvel Movies that had a role by Wolverine from the X-Men?
I'm interested in trying out being an instacart shopper. Do you know anything about this job?
How often should you get your teeth cleaned?
How do you make chocolate chip cookies
What is the Noble Peace Price?
I'm trying to learn about the salam witch trials
What is a very healthy exercise for people over 50?
When was the Veterans Day first celebrated?
My friend recently lost a loved one and I need some advice on how to console them
Should I use hot or cold compresses for my achy shoulder
What was the longest running show on Broadway?
How do I grow an apple tree?
How do you make panettone?
Can you tell me a good daily routine for caring for a horse?
I'm trying to figure out the best type of cookies to make for a bake sale.
How do treat skin abrasion?
When was the first submarine invented?
Can you tell me what CBD is?
Would you be able to explain the differences between a beef cut from the short loin and the sirloin beef cut?
What is minestrone?
How do you make the sauce for sweet and sour chicken?
I'm trying to find vegan kitkats
My mom just got back from the hospital after suffering a heart attack. How should I take care of her?
Can you tell me why there are so many wildfires in California? There seems to be dozens a year.
What is false advertising?
Is Lost Girls a true story?
I want to learn history of antimalarials.
Which president of the US won by the least votes
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Zaatar Crusted Gefilte Fish?
What is the best way to tell your friend you don't like her husband?
Does dry shampoo work?
I want to know Beyonce's personal life since she is my favorite singer.
Can you tell me a recipe for baking cornbread from scratch?
Can you help me say some phrases in other languages?
Where is Niagara Falls located? And how long does it take to arrive by car from NYC?
What are things I should include in a personal statement?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tanzanian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ndizi na nyama?
How can I tell if a friend is depressed?
What are some good names for a new puppy?
Can you help me say a common phrase in a few different languages?
I have some young teenage children and was wondering what are some good first jobs for a teen?
Hi! I've recently come out as bisexual and could use some advice as a woman trying to flirt with other women.
I've been thinking about Keanu Reeves as an actor. What's his most recent film? Or what was his top grossing film?
I need help teaching simple addition to a 5 year old. Any helpful hints?
Psychologically, does believing in a Supreme Being religiously, contribute to better, or worse, mental health?
How do I put air in tires?
Why, if there are registered democrats than republicans, does the GOP keep winning control of Govenrment?
What is a good post workout smoothie?
Do you know any jokes that are suitable for kids?
How come alcohol is measured in proof or ABV when all other drinks, like caffeine for example, measure with milligrams or milliliters or whatever?
I'm trying to find the most famous attraction in Italy. Can you help?
I am trying to keep my kitchen well stocked with food. What are some types of food I should always have in the house for cooking?
What is it called when the bottoms of your feet just start to hurt for no reason?
Does consciousness only exist in the brain?
Do you have any suggestions for how I can strengthen my immune system?
Does a knee brace help with knee pain?
I want to purchase a men's suit, but I don't know what I am looking for or how to get started.
Mala beads are so pretty, but I don't know how they're used for meditation. Can you explain it to me?
Is plastic surgery dangerous?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tonga de Gallina?
What are some heart healthy breakfasts?
Do you think you can tell me what a librarians job actually is?
I have a small wart on my finger and was wondering how to get rid of it?
Hi, I'd like to make myself a whiskey sour. Can you give me a recipe for mixing it?
How do run flat tires work?
How can I protect my hearing?
How often should an adult shower?
Is it true that CVS is going to close 900 stores?
Can you help me plan for seeing my favorite comedian on their upcoming tour?
What are the steps involved in planning for a funeral?
What is John 14:6?
Are there herbal supplements that are useful as combusted smoke, or vape?
What are some nice ways to prepare chicken breasts?
Is the California Condor making a comeback?
How do you teach kids the value of money?
Can you tell me the process for buying a gift card from Best Buy online?
Which company developed the popular video game console Wii?
What is chow mein?
How do you remove the fuzzy skin from a kiwi?
Ronan Farrow is a skilled journalist. His mother has implied his father might be Frank Sinatra. Have you heard about that?
Why do some people live in the past
What are the differences between jelly and jam?
What would be a good Christmas gift for my mom who is 78 years old
How can I become a crime scene investigator?
How can I grow my own sunflowers?
What does beyond a reasonable doubt mean?
What is something I should be eating everyday?
How do get a baby to stop crying?
Why do we eat turkey for Thanksgiving
How can I make strawberry shortcake from scratch?
Can you explain camera megapixels to me? Does more megapixels mean better pictures?
Best way to organize a clothes closet
Hello, Assistant!
Can you help me compare different road bikes to get the right one?
How do I organize my garage?
what are some teas that can make me sleep?
What can you make with tofu?
What material is best for kitchen counters?
What are the most important features to look for in a smartphone?
Is it okay to hand wash wool?
What is upvote on reddit?
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
What is the purpose of the list C in the code below? def binomial_coefficient(n, r): C = [0 for i in range(r + 1)]; C[0] = 1; for iinrange(1,n+1): j=min(i,r);whilej>0: C[j]+=C[j-1];j-=1; return C[r]
Tell me about the original cast of Saturday Night Live
What is business insurance?
Julia Roberts is a famous actress. What were some of her best-known movies?
How can I make my own carne asade marinade?
A new family moved in next door. How can I welcome them to the neighborhood?
Could you provide me some details about the Bay of Pigs Invasion?
How do I make bagles?
I'm trying to come up with a Christmas present for my girlfriend
Can you tell me a recipe and directions for making an ice coffee?
Can you give me a good spaghetti sauce recipe, from scratch?
I've always been a pretty picky eater but I want to expand my tastes. I live in a pretty big city with all sorts of food, so what kind of ethnic cuisine do you think I should order?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Milhojas de dulce de leche?
It's raining and my gutters are full
When is the best time to visit Florida?
How to choose a wedding ring.
How do seniors get dementia?
Is Rolex the most expensive watch brand?
How can I improve my basketball shooting accuracy?
How were the Pyramids of Giza built when they didn't have any of the kinds of equipment like we have today?
How can I reduce my anxiety levels?
What is software engineering?
What are some low residue foods I can have?
How do I keep my hair from getting so many knots?
I squashed a firefly with my hand and now my hand has a weird smell, how do I eliminate that scent?
Is it better to use nails or screws on wood?
I'm trying to make The absolute best scrambled eggs. Do you have a recipe?
can i keep a rat and guinea pig together?
More trivia! Question One: What is the tallest animal in the world?
I want to learn about electricity. Where is a good place to start instead of enrolling in an electrician training program?
I've read that you can revive dry lettuce by placing the leaves into a pool of water. Why does this happen?
Can you explain to me the concept of "the speed of light". How was this calculated?
What does detox mean?
Hi, I'm trying to wrap my head around the genre of New Wave music, but I'm having a hard time. Can you suggest some important songs, bands, and albums I can put on a playlist to familiarize myself with the genre?
I want to know how to find north without a compass
How do I make a pot roast?
How do you keep your bills organized so you pay them on time?
Explain how to prepare for a job interview
I would like to learn about the history of Dub Step, can you give me some information?
I haven't been feeling well lately. What's the fastest way to treat a cold?
What are some good science fiction movies?
I'm getting ready for a roadtrip. What kinds of things should I do to prepare before I leave?
Are import cars still popular?
How can I make more room on my hard drive?
I want to bring a pie to Thanksgiving this year. Can you tell me some popular pie types?
Is it very difficult, to get a driver's license for a motorboat?
The Hobbit had such a following. and the movies, all of it. What is the origin of the book?
I'm trying to teach my child the difference between a cat and a dog. Any advice?
I'm trying to learn a new language. Do you think an hour a day is enough practice?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make horchata ice cream
Do you have tips on how to win consistently in rock, paper, scissors?
Can someone steal my identity with just my name and address?
Hi, I'd like to start recycling. How can I do that?
How many planets are in our solar system?
Which common household chemical, is best for cleaning overall?
Can you explain how the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell?
what are places to see in seattle?
I'd like to soothe a friend of mine, who skinned their knee. Do you have any helpful suggestions?
How can I make my jeans fit better in the waist?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Buko Pie?
How do loans work?
I'm travelling to Moscow. Can you tell me some of the popular tourist attractions in the city?
Hey! My husband has been having a hard time finding work lately and I'm having a hard time knowing how to support him. I try to give him positive praise and encouragement, but he dismisses me. I try to send him jobs and he says that he doesn't want to do that type of work. How do I support him through this tough time and loss of confidence?
Where is the cheapest place in the world to live?
how can i make a smoothie with tofu?
Could you help me write a poem about Thanksgiving? I want it to include the words "turkey," "cranberry sauce," and "family."
How do you create a writing portfolio?
at what age should kids be allowed to use makeup?
What is a will?
Is it possible that plants have consciousness?
What are some good places to visit in Hamburg?
was babe ruth black
Hi, my grandmother is getting on in years, and I've decided to move in with her to care for her. What are some things I need to do to help her?
Hi, I'd like to start brewing my own mead. Can you explain all the steps and equipment needed to do that?
what are some places to visit in Kuala Lumpur?
Was Taylor Swift on some kind of talent show or something before she got famous?
How do I get my child to sit still at the dining table?
How do I know how much alcohol is too much for me per sitting?
Which foods should I have for a large group at a cookout?
I know what regular mayo tastes like, but what does Japanese mayo taste like and how does it differentiate from American mayo?
I want to find out if my data plan is unlimited.
I have to write an article for school about space travel, but really need some help.
Can you tell me what kind of collisions are covered in an insurance policy having full coverage?
What is there to do in Atlanta?
Can you teach me about the origin of the boogie man?
I want to stay at home and binge watch a tv show this weekend. My favorite show is True Blood. Can you recommend similar shows?
How do I tie a fishing hook on a line?
What should be done to keep fruit flies away from the kitchen?
What type of filling is suitable for woodwork?
Hi, I'd like to start keeping gerbils. Can you tell me what I'll need to buy, and what I'll have to do, to keep them successfully?
How do you take your coffee?
How do I become a doctor?
How do I get my cat to sit with me?
How do I tell someone they should eat healthier because they have diabetes?
Why am I always jealous of people's accomplishments?
Will human activity like burning fossil fuel, mining, waste disposal into water sources, and drilling destroy the earth?
What are pros and cons of black friday?
Can you help me learn which planets in the Solar System may be habitable for human settlement?
What was the first weapon invented by man?
Can you tell me about bullfrogs?
Why are college textbooks so expensive? Do colleges jack up the prices or is there some other reason?
I need to be aware of survival tips when lost in the forest. Do you know of any survival tips for this particular situation?
How do I know if a mattress is the right firmness for me?
My face is breaking out in acne. Do you have any tips for getting rid of acne?
How do I teach science in a hands on way?
Hi, I'd like to start boxing. Can you give me any pointers?
I need some recommendations on exercises I can do at home to improve my core strength.
What year was World of Warcraft released?
How is coffee made?
My son is interested in playing an instrument. He is particularly interested in the brass section. Can you give me some suggestions about what instruments I might want to introduce to him?
Can you make falafel without Tahini?
What is the FDA?
How can I plant garlic?
I want to paint my kitchen cabinets.
What kind of food do I give my pet lizard
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
I need a movie recommendation for a movie that is similar to Pulp Fiction.
Should you compare hotel prices?
Is there a such thing as third cousins?
Can you tell me what happens if a person doesn't have a will? What happens to their belongings after they die?
I was just given a pet hamster but I don't know how to care for it. Do you have any advice?
What is DoorDash, Inc. ?
At what temperature does it usually start to snow outside?
Do Doctors get used to having patients die?
Is a 10 speed bike better than a 3 speed bike?
My professor called someone in class a charlatan. What does that mean?
At what age should you give kids a cell phone?
I'm helping my son write an essay for school. It's about what he thinks the future will be like. For example, will there be robots everywhere? Will people travel in the air more? I wondered if you had any tips or ideas?
I feel I was abducted by aliens.
How do I learn about constellations?
Can you help me understand what a VPN is?
PS5 or XBox One?
What are the risks of a tummy tuck?
What are good places to visit in Nashville?
I'm going to list some CSS properties and you tell me what said property accomplishes, okay?
Which Weezer album is the best?
Find Metallica songs
Can you help me figure out how to get wine stains out of a shirt?
Can you help me create a simple budget so that I can save money?
If I like music by Fiona Apple, what other artists would I like?
Where is Thailand?
What should I get for a snack?
I am trying to decide which video game console to buy. Can you give me some advice on which one might be right for me?
How do you keep your balance when playing ice hockey?
What are some of the best horror movies in the slasher genre?
I'm planning to go to Paris on vacation for a week. I do not speak French. What should I do?
How do lithium batteries work?
How can I keep ants out of my home
How do you sharpen a pencil?
Can you teach me how to perform CPR? Please compile the instructions in a listed format.
Should we raise the minimum wage in the US to something people can live comfortably on?
How do I throw a curveball?
I am trying to make crepes for breakfast for my girlfriend this morning but I have never made them before. Can you help me out?
Who were the Partidge family?
What animals hunt snakes in the wild?
I plan on trying to go on a intermittent fast. I want to do it for at least a week. Can you help me schedule this out for the next week?
How do you keep your bills organized so you pay them on time?
Its said that if honeybees go extinct, humanity will as well. Why do they say this?
Is Africa safe to visit?
I accidentally caught something on fire the other day and I was in a panic before I eventually stomped it out. I want to be prepared for if I ever encounter a fire again. Can you tell me how to deal with fires, putting them out and being safe around them?
Can you help me find out about the early life of Genghis Khan?
What currency does France use?
Who were the Vikings?
How do you sand down the rough edges on a piece of wood?
How long will a cooked turkey last in the refrigerator?
I'm trying to declutter my life and clean out some of the seemingly endless boxes of keepsakes, mementos, and assorted detritus which have piled up in the garage, attic, closets, etc. But when I do attempt to start wading through the stuff, I become sentimental and have a hard time throwing ANYTHING away. Then I just end up putting it all back and still feeling cluttered and frustrated.
I see that some countries have really nice high speed railway systems. The US has been trying, but can't seem to keep up. Why?
I'm trying to figure out which trading card game is the most popular. Can you help?
Hey, Assistant. I'm trying to do research on Batman. Do you know who that is?
What does a guidance counselor do?
Can you give me some pointers on how to kayak?
What are some fun things to do in Las Vegas?
Why did the British colonize India at one point in time?
Which company was the first to developed a Smart Phone?
How can I find out if if there are any road closures in my area due to a storm?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mahshi?
Are 2-stroke motorcycle engines discontinued? Why?
Can you tell me which careers use geometry the most?
Who was the first to fly an airplane in the United States?
Can you help me understand how is music put onto vinyl?
I find myself feeling tired during the day, and I feel like I'm not getting enough sleep at night. Can you help me find ways to get more sleep?
I am confused about the difference between LED and LCD in television. Can you explain the difference?
I need a suggestion of what to make for dinner tonight
What music software can I use to make beats?
Can you help teach me how to make breaded baked pork chops?
Is Nike brand more famous than Adidas?
Hi, I want to work on my quadriceps. Can you suggest some exercises that are good for that, and tell me how to do them?
Can you help me find a new hobby?
What's a recipe for yellow cake?
What does probate mean?
What can I use to remove grease stains from a cotton t-shirt?
What are some fun beach activities?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Parippu?
Paulo Coelho has been a great author for many years. What are some of his best-known books? I might want to read another book of his.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Irish Soda Bread?
What are some good gifts for a huge baseball fan?
I'm travelling to Germany. Can you help me learn a few common German phrases?
Find a braised short ribs recipe
How do you get a passport?
Can you walk me through how to wrap christmas presents properly?
Where are the best places to travel for cheap and within the United States?
Can you teach me ways to control my anger? I find myself blowing off at the handle a lot.
Is Lost Girls a true story?
How can I use hot dogs in my dishes?
I want to know more about Microsoft. Are you familiar with the company?
Native American, or Indigenous tradition in the United States, sometimes focuses on the Buffalo as a sacred animal. I'm curious as to why, some themes about that?
Is it necessary to watch all the Jurassic park movies in order to understand the story? or all they all different?
Can people who have schizophrenia live normal lives? Are they all dangerous?
How are diamonds mined?
I want to learn a new language. Do you have any tips for getting started?
What is Lewy Body dementia?
I'm visiting Portugal. Can you teach me some common phrases in Portuguese?
How to check the weather online in real time?
what cute things can i make out of clay?
Do you know the play "The Duchess of Malfi"?
I feel I was abducted by aliens.
Do you know how to make a pecan pie without sugar?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Hojaldre?
Can you recommend some vegetarian dishes that use tofu?
Can you tell me what Shakespeare wrote for Hamlet, Act One, Scene 2?
I need a crab cake recipe.
What are some good places to visit in San Jose, CA?
How do I change the brakes on my van?
How can I make a batman costume?
How do I fix a flat bike tire?
Which foods should I bring for a picnic?
Who invented marshmallow?
Which programming language is the easiest to learn online on my own?
How do I help my friend with her family problems?
What would be the pros and cons of having x-ray vision?
I would like to find some resources on helping me deal with my Anger Management.
What are the benefits of owning a smart TV? I am going to purchase a new TV but am unsure whether or not to get this type of product.
What are some shows my child might like if they like paw patrol?
If I like Jim Croce, what other artists would I like?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Boulettes?
How can I lower my cholesterol levels?
Hi, I just got a sugar glider, but I have no idea how to care for it. How do I house, feed, and otherwise keep this beautiful animal safe and healthy?
What is there to do at Point Lobos State Natural Reserve?
why I have to pee a lot
What is a good piece of advice to tell my daughter who is going off to college?
i'm having issues with carpal tunnel in my hands from being a typist. Are there any exercises I can do to help prevent this problem from getting worse?
How can I exercise more when working at a desk?
I'd like to learn more about Obama's presidency. Is there anything you can tell me?
Babe Ruth seemed to be a busy guy, when he was famous. What is he best known for?
What is astral projection?
I feel like one of my exes was a narcissist. What are the signs of narcissism?
What is the most popular car color
What is the best way to make an omelet?
I’m trying to invest in a virtual coin?
Where can I find a one-armed bandit?
How can I start to get over a bad break up?
How can you spot a fake designer purse?
Can you give me a recipe for oatmeal?
Are Siamese cats smarter than other breeds?
What is a hiatal hernia?
How can I straighten my hair?
Could you help me learn more about the Korean War?
What is a good inexpensive Christmas present for a casual acquaintance?
Please tell me about Jupiter planet.
Do space heaters use a lot of electricity?
What should I avoid eating at night to avoid gas?
Who is Donald Trump?
My car seems to be running out of gas quicker than usual. What could be the cause of this?
What's a good recipe for potatoes according to Joey from Friends?
Can you tell me which BART lines I can take to get from downtown San Francisco to Santa Clara?
I am bored with the restaurants I go to. Can you help me find an interesting type of cuisine to try?
I have to teach a child what inverse operation means
Hi, assistnat
How long would it take for man to go to Mars on a rocket ship?
I want to get a pet bird. What kind makes for the best pet?
My dog is snoring
Good afternoon, could you recommend some songs for me to listen to?
How do I convert to Mormonism?
How do I make bacon crispy when it's cooked in a microwave?
I am writing a story and would like some help. is that ok?
I want to learn French. How do you think I should go about it?
I would like to know the definition of dwarf planets.
My left lower abdomen is in pain. I can feel spasms. I am nauseous. I do not have a fever. What could be wrong.
What year was the first McDonalds open to the public?
Can you advice me on how to be civil when discussing politics with others?
Is it common for a 30 year old to live with his parents these days
Is this a good time to buy stocks?
What are some places that still have traditional tribes that live in the jungle?
What type of filling is suitable for woodwork?
My hair is starting to get thinner. Is there any way to slow this down so I don't go bald?
What time of the year should I start to be on the look out for snakes in Maryland?
I want to know if you have any energy drink recommendations!
Can you list some examples of children's educational tv series?
Can you briefly summarize the concern people had over Donald Trump putting his family into positions of power in his administration?
How do you store books in order to preserve them for a long time?
Will there be another shutdown with the new strain of covid
Why do females tend to live longer than males?
Can you tell me popular destinations to visit for the Chinese New Year celebration?
Is pumpkin pie hard to make at home yourself?
Here are a list of tasks one might do in a text editor. I am trying to create more. Can you add examples to this list? Delete line N Copy line N and append to end Insert random character to (N,M) Duplicate all text Duplicate line N Reverse line N Replace line N with the following text <random from source> Swap first and last word Duplicate line containing <string> Delete line containing <string> Swap the word <X> with the word <Y> Make word <X> all caps Upper <> Lower case Remove all punctuation Add [random char] to the end of the first word Reverse word M in line N {Delete, Duplicate} the Nth word in the Mth sentence
I'm thinking about buying a new car. I wanna get an electric one. Do you have any recommendations?
What is an elevator pitch?
Why are clouds called nimbus?
Can you explain how sonar works?
My iPhone won't give me text notifications anymore. Can you help?
Can you provide me some details on Restorative yoga?
Describe to me the type of work a pediatrician doctor does
I am trying to find a hotel to stay in for my visit to Paris, France. Can you help?
For digestive health, is it better to take fiber supplements, or antacid pills?
Can you explain how to unlock a combination lock?
What are mandarin oranges
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chupín de pescado?
What are good places to visit in Nashville?
I'm trying to figure out what to get my wife for Christmas. Can you help?
Hi, I'm worried about some of the material my child might be accessing on their smartphone. Is there some way for me to control what kind of sites they can access, to keep them away from bad stuff?
What should I look for in a school for my kids?
I was thinking about the company Microsoft when I was upgrading my computer yesterday. Can you tell me when it was founded?
What are some of the best book series of all time?
How do I teach someone to do long division
How do I cook pully bones?
I'm looking to take my family on a vacation somewhere in Central America. Which countries are the most family-friendly and have a good relationship with the US so it is safe for its citizens?
I'm feeling sad lately. How can I feel better?
what can i make with rotisserie chicken from the deli?
Do you have any tips for how I can get rid of a cold quicker?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Elmaraara?
how do i make nail polish last longer?
Can you tell me more about the doctor's eyes in the Great Gatsby?
Can you tell me what the best time of the day is to water the plants in my garden?
Can you give me instructions for baking a chocolate cake?
How do I convince my mom that she needs to live in an assisted living facility?
I started to see something that I think is black mold in my garage. How can confirm what it is?
What are some pros and cons of advancing technology?
What are some ways to treat sensitive teeth?
How can I prevent nearsightedness?
Can you tell me the difference between a 4g network and a 5g network?
How can I be a better boxer?
What is Smithsonian Institution?
I have some questions about the CIA. First of all, when was it formed? I heard it wasn't around during the founding of the country and is a more recent organization.
What is Independence Day in the United States?
How do I check a cat for worms?
I want to put together a classic Italian dinner. What types of dishes should I include?
What is Alcatraz famous for?
I'm trying to make my text more clear. Clear like Hemingway would write it. Let me show you an example of what I mean: Before: The cat was chased by the dog. It had no significant idea of th origin of the dog's motivation to hunt it. The cat also thought of itself as innocent. After: The dog chased the cat. The cat, who found itself innocent, didn't know why the dog chased it. Before: It's kind of interesting how computers are stuck in the old hum hum drum drum of the past. Most text editors are still like typewriters, or, at best, those electrical typewriters from the 80ies where you had almost like a throne for writing, drafing on a screen and then printing.
I need help with finding a eggplant parmesan recipe that is vegan friendly.
I need help quitting smoking
I am trying to learn about the age of the earth. Can you help me to understand how old the Earth is thought to be?
What should I do if I found a weird mole on my back?
What are some good ideas for things to have at a child's birthday party?
Which small appliances are a must have for the kitchen?
I'm writing a paper about ancient English poetry, and would like to know about some resources for conducting research.
I’m moving into a new house tomorrow and need help figuring out what I should buy for the house
What is the Amityville House of Horror?
What are some good places in San Diego to go out to and eat that have Mexican Cuisine?
How can I keep going when I feel like a failure?
Sometimes after a long and stressful day at work I like to relax and unwind by watching tv. Are there any feel-good shows you could recommend?
what are some teas that can make me sleep?
What does digital footprint mean?
In yoga, there is a Sun Salutation process, that is a good workout. Do you know much about that?
what can i make from marshmallows?
How do I make honey tea?
How do I keep my long hair healthy?
How can I train my pet to listen to me
Can you explain to me how the internet works?
Can you tell me what company developed the series God of War?
Patsy Cline with such a gifted singer. I think she did a few collaborations with Loretta Lynn, or may have toured with Loretta Lynn, is that right?
How can I make my own soap at home?
Who is Robin Williams?
Can you recommend some newish single player FPS games for me to play?
Hi, I need to book a plane ticket to Florida for the last weekend in January.
What do I do if I see a pack of coyotes in the wild?
Another school shooting was in the news in America. What can the country do to mitigate these tragedies in the future?
What is Les Misérables?
How do I make amends with someone?
What is the process to register a newly purchased used vehicle with the DMV?
how many square mile is Lake Michigan
I need help with a task!
How can I fall asleep fast without medication?
What is CreditKarma?
What is a good method to approximate the distance between me and an object far away?
Is it possible that Big Foot exists?
How do I make a Mexican vegetable soup?
Can you tell me which Amtrak lines run through California?
What is the average intellectual level of the United States?
How do I improve my heart rate?
How can I learn to cut my kids' hair?
How can I make my own fertilizer?
I'm curious about some simple ways to save on gasoline? I've heard that taking anything heavy out of the car, may improve gas mileage.
Hi! My friend's newborn is sick with jaundice and I'm wondering how to best validate her emotions but also keep things positive
If I like Phoebe Bridgers, what other artists should I listen to?
How can I improve my dating profile?
I am trying to find some good ideas for a date night with a new girlfriend. Do you have any ideas?
A long time ago we used gold for a main currency. Who invented the US Dollar? and why?
I feel like me and my friend have become distant and I need some advice on staying in touch with them
Why did girls scream so much when they heard the Beatles?
I want to learn French. How do you think I should go about it?
Hey! I work in a bar, and often I work until 3am, but I'm trying to get on a better sleep schedule so that I don't sleep past 1pm so often
I am trying to find some good ideas for a date night with a new girlfriend. Do you have any ideas?
Who is Kamala Harris?
What is the main difference between regular cotton and Egyptian cotton?
Find Whitney Houston songs
How do you clean a velvet couch?
How can I keep my house cool without air conditioning?
What does the phrase "snake oil salesman" mean?
In Texas, can you really just walk into a store and walk out with a gun?
I have some questions about the CIA. First of all, when was it formed? I heard it wasn't around during the founding of the country and is a more recent organization.
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
What is the survival horror genre?
I am over 40 years old and I still want to grow taller. Are there any methods that actually work?
How do you pop corn with out getting a bunch of old maids
Are you familiar with Ray from the big bang theory?
How do you get an Apple card?
What actors and actresses play in Law and Order SVU?
What are relational databases?
I'm going to Norway and need to learn some of the language.
I want to learn about who invented the led.
Can you help me find an Amtrak train that goes from New York to Baltimore?
How do I make potatoes au gratin?
Should I still use the handheld led machine
I am trying to write an essay on Tommy Hearns, the boxer. can you help me with this?
What are the best kind of paintbrushes to use when painting the outside of a house?
How do I make a homemade bath bomb?
What are the best shoes to go hiking in?
Do labradoodles get a long with cats?
Can you describe each tier of the energy pyramid and provide examples for each tier?
Can you tell me of electronics I should take with me when traveling? Definitely a cell phone
How do I go back to school?
What would the symbol be for Aries?
Can you give me tips as to how I should engage with something that doesnt drink?
what should i consider when deciding which military branch to join?
How do I decide which shoes I should donate?
I have an old blood stain on my jeans, is there a way to remove it?
I don't know if I should put more money into stock market now or not
How do you prepare a ham for Thanksgiving?
Can you help me to understand what critical race theory is?
What cut of beef makes the best steak?
How long will aluminum last for in contact with soil?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Satay?
What are some salty snacks besides chips?
I have never seen the movie Titanic. Is it worth seeing?
how do I fry scallops
What is the name of the North Korean Leader that President Trump met?
What are some natural fertilizers i can make?
Can you tell me how one can treat a fire ant sting?
How do you cheer up nursing home patients?
What are the dangers of a child doing gymnastics?
My daughter, who is 14, is obsessed with a singer named Harry Styles. It's literally all she talks about and seems to think about all the time. It's getting on everyone's nerves and I don't think it's healthy for her. He is her constant focus, to the detriment of anything else.
I smelled something really bad today. What makes skunks smell the way they do?
Hey! I'm looking for ways to improve my confidence. Do you have any suggestions?
what are chickpeas?
Is there a tax on imports coming into the U.S.?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
Do you think using Social Media is a good idea?
How do you set up direct deposit on a checking account?
I would like to learn about the history of Dub Step, can you give me some information?
I want to put together a gift basket of luxury bath products for my sister. What should I include?
What are some classic Atari video games?
"Gone with the Wind," was such a significant movie. Do you know much about it?
How do I teach a child to dress themselves?
What are some common interview questions that I might be asked?
Was Marco Polo an actual real explorer that shared his tales of travel in the far east upon his return to Europe?
How long does it take to cook a whole turkey?
What should I pack for a weekend getaway to the mountains?
I have to write a report for school about the greatest home run hitters in baseball history. Can you tell me who hit the most home runs in Major League Baseball history?
Can you read Roman Numerals?
How many presidents have been impeached in the United States?
When was the first gun created?
I want to propose to my girl friend, what do I need to know about selecting a ring?
How do I train my dog to behave well around other dogs?
what are some cute characters if i like minions?
I'm trying to eat healthier so I lose weight. Can you tell me what some good weight loss foods are?
Do space heaters use a lot of electricity?
Can you help me with the differences between race and ethnicity?
Which one is the largest American state by area?
What is the best way to apply makeup?
What are alternatives I can use instead of ground beef to make burgers?
What does black lives matter mean?
How can I organise the tasks and events in my life so I don't forget about them?
I'm thinking about migrating to Europe. Do you think it's a good idea?
I have missing teeth and my gums are hurting from chewing, how do I relieve my gums?
What tips do you have for decorating my home?
What happens if you eat under cooked turkey?
Can you help me write a poem?
What are some strategies for winning at blackjack?
What can I do to thicken my thin hair
What are some places to visit in Nashville?
Can you describe how the traffic laws work for road cyclists in the US?
Who is Mike Pence?
How are aluminum salts, such as those used in deodorants, made?
Is there a fee to send money with Zelle?
WHat is the purpose of a Himalayan salt lamp?
Please explain to me about the backgammon game.
How do you remove glitters from skin?
Does the bible mention people eating chicken?
Hello, I am trying to figure out how to play guitar in Drop D Tuning. Can you help?
I'm looking to learn more about different yoga styles, do you have any information on Yin Yoga?
How do I file a car insurance claim?
what are some fun classic cartoons?
Why are there so many different size bullets for guns?
What scents do you recommend for aromatherapy?
What can I bring to a potluck that's easy to make?
What is the second hardest material after diamond?
What is a good time of year to visit India?
I'm planning on investing on cryptocurrency, what type of cryptocurrency is the best these days?
Can you help me learn how to bake a strawberry short cake?
Do you think the bible was really written by God?
Hi, I'd like to make my own pizza dough - can you give me a recipe to do that? You don't need to tell me how to bake the pizza, just to put the dough together, and maybe shape the pie.
How do you switch to dark mode in Win 10?
How do you get a free email address?
Can you give me instruction for waxing a car?
How do I do a good pushup?
which country has the biggest army in the world? which country has the smallest army in the world?
How is Gouda processed?
What are the duties of WHO?
What is a nice long haired breed of dog?
How do I teach kids to chew with their mouth closed?
Reply with "hi" please.
What are places I could visit in Oaxaca, Mexico?
Why does my dog shake his leg when I scratch him?
What should you know before you sign a lease?
How do you winterize a camper?
My local grocery store is selling some discounted burritos that have a "use by" date of last week. Are these items safe to eat?
Is Florida a good spot to vacation to?
Which foods should I have for a large group at a cookout?
Which foods should I have for a Super Bowl party?
Can you tell me how to make a chocolate malt?
How do you clean a boat?
I want to know Beyonce's personal life since she is my favorite singer.
How can I make my jeans fit better in the waist?
I'm trying to find new music to listen to
how do i ask people to give me money for my wedding and not presents?
What are some good ways to celebrate 4th of july at home?
Can you tell me how a pension is used for retirement planning?
I'm trying to learn more info about the Appetite for Destruction album by Guns N' Roses.
What items should I carry when hiking?
Which is better for safety, a van or an SUV?
What are some of John Wayne's best movie roles?
Foreigner always had the strong rock hits. Like "Hot Blooded." What are some of their other popular songs?
How do I make taco seasoning?
What are some gardening tips?
I want to learn the history of Kosher foods.
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
I'm not sure why but lately I seem to have lost interest in, well, everything. I work, I come home, I sleep, I work again, etc. My former hobbies just seem kind of blah to me now and I don't have anything new that's piquing my interest. This is a new experience for me and I'm worried. What is happening to me?
What types of foods were popular during the 1950s
How to make easy side money?
I'd like to get into psychedelic rock. Can you recommend some artists?
Why do some people think that wearing a mask to keep from spreading Covid is an infringement on their rights as Americans?
What are some fun things to do at a carnival?
Find a chocolate chip cookie recipe
Can you explain what it means to be a Free Agent in Major League Baseball?
Are smartphones predicted to replace personal computers at some point?
Hi, I'm in the mood for lamb stew. Can you explain how to make that?
What can I do about a runny nose?
Has the price of cigarettes gone down in the last few years?
Hello, I am trying to find the cheapest flight to Orlando from New York City on December 20th.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Stoemp?
Hi, I'm pretty unfamiliar with the work of the King of Pop. Can you give me suggestions for a playlist of Michael Jackson's best, and most popular, songs?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
what are some ideas for a beach themed party?
how does the internet works?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cha Siu Bao?
How do I keep my hair from getting so many knots?
How can I keep awake when I am tired?
What is the best way to cook a Thanksgiving Turkey?
I want to know about durian fruit. It has been described as the most foul-smelling fruit in the entire world yet some people like it very much.
What are the differences between the various bottled waters available at the store?
Can anyone run for President?
Any ideas to fight insomnia?
How can I treat calluses on my feet?
Where can I learn how to sell my own art work?
What is the difference between soccer and American football?
What date did the Titanic sink?
What software should I use for editing videos?
I'd like a better understanding of hanukkah. Can you give me some information about why it is celebrated?
What are some of the health benefits of going to a spa?
I have a migraine, is there anything I can do to treat it?
What animal is Curious George?
Can you recommend me some bands that are similar to Metallica?
I buy latter every morning from my local Starbucks store. I spend a lot of money. I want to know the history of Starbucks.
Can you help me calculate the best angle for solar panels on my roof.
What are some ways that I can help cut back on how much alcohol I drink?
Is there any hair treatment to make my hair really look thicker?
How hot is the surface of Venus?
How can I get my baby to not squirm in his high chair?
I'm planning a special anniversary date for my girlfriend next week. What are some good things we can do together?
Are taxis or ubers better?
I would like to know some useful facts about Stephan Hawking.
What are alternatives I can use instead of ground beef to make burgers?
My bearded dragon isn't eating his greens. What can I do to make it more appealing?
How do I remove a tooth paste stain from a leather jacket?
The Doobie Brothers seem to have been around for decades. I'm curious about a few of their first hits, on the music charts?
Can I perm my hair at home?
What are the pros and cons of camping in a tent versus camping in a hammock?
What are the arguments against police body cams?
I'm a professional wrestler. Explain molecules to me.
Are there any cats that are less likely to cause me allergies?
Saint Patricks Day seems to have a long standing tradition. How did it get started?
Are there any good tourist attractions in Boston, MA.?
Can you recommend a Christmas movie?
I remember my first car took regular gas, why couldn't it run on unleaded?
Can you suggest a book to read similar to Collapse?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chanka de Pollo?
What is Whatsapp?
I want to know about Catholic religion. Are you familiar with it?
Can you tell me the steps to becoming a licensed hair stylist?
My dog is very aggresive to other dogs when we take him on walks, any advice you can give me to help with this?
How do I make an over easy egg?
Hello. I was thinking about improving the performance of my computer at home, but I am not very tech savvy. What are some easy ways to make my PC run better?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
Why is almost everyone afraid of snakes?
Find directions for applying wallpaper
Was the first Bush president in the CIA before he became vice president?
What can I do to make my hair straighter? It's very wavy and kind of curly.
what are some toppings you can put on fruit to make it more fun?
Hi, I'm interested in playing rugby. Can you explain the rules of the game to me?
what are some fun arcades to take the kids?
what are some artists i might like if i like eminem?
What is Sezzle?
How do I clean a carpet?
Can you explain what a nautical mile is?
What are some good movies with talking dogs?
How do you put grease into a grease fitting?
How many different tribes were there in American prior to it's colonization?
How can I change my own car oil
How do I deep fry bacon?
What does executive order mean?
How do you make cheesecake?
Who is Deadpool
What are some pastas I can have with my salad?
What are some good action movies?
How heavy can a carry-on bag be on domestic flights?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Speedy Indomie Mi Goreng Noodles?
What should I look for in a school for my kids?
What do you call indigenous people in Australia?
I'm thinking about becoming a vegan, do you think it's a good idea?
I don't smoke marijuana but, is it really helpful?
I need a movie recommendation
How do you comfort a friend who just lost a pet?
Is Alkaline water better for you?
Hey! How do I make my Kraft dinner creamier and cheesier?
Would you recommend to me a show that is similar to The Office?
What should I do if I find mold in my house?
How does a light bulb work
I want to open a new checking account. Which banks offer this for free?
Could you tell me the process of making homemade lemonade?
Can you provide me with a snickerdoodle recipe?
Hi, I've always been relatively apolitical, but I've decided that now I want my voice to be heard. What are some good ways for me to become politically active?
Hey, what is nine times five?
What are the benefits of zinc supplements?
What is veterans day?
How do I keep my koi pond clean?
What do I need to learn for wine tasting?
What are some good activities to do with toddlers to help with their development?
Is there a way to compare credit card offers?
Which car should I buy for myself and my family? I have 2 kids (ages 3 and 7)
What are the main components of a desktop computer?
When did the concept of virginity become culturally significant?
What does holistic medicine mean?
Are some types of cats more intelligent than other types?
Do the railroads still own all the land the Government gave them to build the rails across America?
Hey! I need some support to get through my fear of abandonment and not being good enough.
How do I make stuffed pizza?
I'm looking to buy my first home. Is paying in cash the best idea so I won't have to deal with a mortgage, or are there some downsides to this?
What are comfortable materials to wear in the winter?
Hi, I'm in the mood for some pumpernickel bread. Can you give me a recipe for that, and instructions for how to bake it?
What is the best way to cook a new york steak?
What is a touchdown in american football?
How can I be more talkative in a group setting?
What should I consider when converting to LED lights?
Can you help me find music similar to Ludovico Einaudi piano music?
Who is considered the best golf player of all time and why?
I was reading an article that said in 2004 scientists were worried an asteroid called apophis will hit Earth. Is that a possibility?
I'm getting into retro videogames and I'm wondering if you have any recommendations for classic Playstation 1 games for me to play through.
How can I advertise my Etsy page?
Was the space race really just a way for the US to show military superiority to the USSR?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rendeng?
My computer has been turning off even though the battery is at over half. What is causing this?
What are good dipping sauces for nuggets?
What kind of coping strategies can I teach my child to use when he gets mad?
Is a keto diet effective?
How can I make my own potato chips?
Does it hurt the host country if other countries boycott their Olympic games?
I heard that diesel trucks can just be left idling for as long as you want, while gas engines need to be shut off after a while?
how do i know if i'm allergic to bees?
Should I get a cast or an operation on my broken arm?
Is the price of wood expected to stay high or is it going to go back down eventually?
I have a headache and really feel bad. What are some good home cures for this?
How do I remove a tooth paste stain from a leather jacket?
How do I make sushi at home?
What is the longest word in the English language
Could you teach me how to start a fire using the bow drill method? Like which steps I would need to take from start to completion?
Could you give me a couple recommendations on bands similar to Black Sabbath?
I'd like to start painting, but don't know where to start. Should I choose watercolour, oil, or acrylic, for example?
Hey! I want to start enjoying football Sunday more, but I don't really understand the rules of football, can you help me learn some?
Which economists have most influenced US policy in the 21st century?
I just put my cat down and was wondering how to deal with the giref.
How can I volunteer with a boys and girls club?
Do you know of any good rock music?
What is the best way to match your outfits?
I’m looking to start meal prepping but don’t know where to start
How do I know when it's time to put my dog to sleep?
Can you help me determine if I have any poisonous spiders in my area?
Can you tell me who the last prophet in Islam was?
I want to know more about the New York Stock Exchange.
I want to teach my dog a new trick, could you give me some tips on how I could teach him how to spin?
I want to make fudge for holiday gifts, can you help me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carne Guisada?
What is the reading for having hypertension on your blood pressure?
Can you help me to understand the origin of thanksgiving?
What are the main differences between Christainity and Catholicism?
How do I make a fruit tart?
How do I make my own homeschool curriculum?
Did we have color movies before we had black and white TV?
Is it easy to make a sword?
Did human beings ever hunt wooly mammoths?
I have an old car that I want to sell. What are my options for that?
Can you help me learn the basics of the game chess?
Is it possible to jailbreak an Android phone like you can with an iPhone?
What is Bolognese sauce?
How do you choose a laptop?
how do i keep my wood floors looking good?
Please tell me about John G. Roberts, Jr.. Who appointed him to the Supreme Court?
What does filibuster mean?
I'm buying a drone but I don't know what the laws are in terms of where I'm alloyed to fly, photograph and video record. I live in Salt Lake City, Utah. Can you give me any information?
How does a person become a successful stage actor?
Can a ceiling fan kill you in your sleep?
How do I get over an embarrassing moment?
How do I open gifv files?
I want to become a cord cutter and cancel my cable. How can I still watch television without cable?
How do you store books in order to preserve them for a long time?
Who started labelling younger generations?
I miss Michael Jackson. He was a good singer and song writer. I am sad that he left this world too early.
I'm trying to find out more about Caitlyn Jenner, a famous transgender .
How can I clear up teenage acne?
Should I change my own oil?
Can you give me some tips on how to clip my cat's claws?
What are pros and cons of Microdermabrasion?
Why does the Salvation Army hire people to dress up as Santa every Christmas?
How hard is it to get citizenship in another country? Do you need to be rich to do it?
What dish can I take to a Christmas party?
Can you tell me the story of hansel and gretel?
What are some places you can visit in the USA that have historic significance?
How did diamonds become the standard for wedding rings?
Do you have any suggestions on how to phrase questions to AI?
I'm wanting to grow peas in my garden this year, do you know what the best time would be to plant them in Maryland?
My daughter, who is 14, is obsessed with a singer named Harry Styles. It's literally all she talks about and seems to think about all the time. It's getting on everyone's nerves and I don't think it's healthy for her. He is her constant focus, to the detriment of anything else.
I just finished watching Dateline and the case, on the show, was solved using DNA evidence. I was curious. What was the first case solved using DNA evidence?
What can you add to ramen noodles to make it taste better?
Why is diet coke bad for you?
how do i become a school counselor?
I am planning on frying a turkey this year for Thanksgiving but I have never done it before. What do I need to know in order to make a good fried turkey?
I'm trying to learn about the various different types of pushups. Can you help me learn a bit about them?
How do I keep socks organized? They always disappear.
how do i properly display a flag of a relative who was in the military who died?
What are some of the major effects of climate change?
How do I make traditional tortilla soup?
Can you compare the pros and cons of using a regular toilet setup versus something like a bidet?
What is a good gift for a parent that lives far away in MAine?
How can I use hot dogs in my dishes?
I'm thinking about getting my daughter a horse for her birthday, but I've heard horses are very expensive and can also be dangerous. Do you have any advice?
How do I build a birdhouse and what materials will I need?
What is an NFT? and how do they work?
I need a new cell phone. Which one should I buy?
What are some popular French desserts?
How do I screen print a tshirt?
Hello, I am trying to find out what is the most healthy cat food for my cats.
I'm thinking about making a vegetable garden. Can you help?
How much should you save in an emergency fund?
I think I just got bitten by a spider! What do I do?
Can you tell me about the history of the Empire State Building?
Where is the John Wayne airport?
What can be causing me to have itchy skin?
how do i decide how many kids to have?
The Hobbit had such a following. and the movies, all of it. What is the origin of the book?
What can I do if a skunk makes a nest outside my home?
Find Whitney Houston songs
I have heard that gulf wax has many uses. Would you mind listing some of them?
How can you press flowers?
I am trying to think of a huge achievement in human history. Can you suggest one?
How do I learn to cut with a knife faster?
Is a pet groomer a rewarding career?
How can I better concentrate when listening to lectures?
How do I clean off a glass stove top?
What are some of the funniest movies of all time?
What are some ways I can teach a toddler to swim?
Who are the founding members of the rock band Foreigner?
Is Chuck E Cheese a good place for parties?
Do you need a special license to drive an RV?
What was one of the major battles from the United States civil war?
How can I do more networking and make some important friends?
Which foods should I eat to improve digestion?
How do you replace a carpet floor with a wood floor?
How do you communicate with a chat bot that won't follow instructions consistently?
What are some different styles of curry?
I have a mouse in kitchen. What is the best trap to use to catch it?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
what is better for the environment, rechargeable or regular batteries?
I always seem to attract lots of mosquitos while my partner never seems to get bitten. Is there a scientific explanation for why mosquitos seem more interested in biting some people over others?
Is Australia a good place to go on vacation?
Build a patio using cement
How much vitamin C, should you take daily, as a supplement? There's a lot of different statements on that.
I need to buy a new hardcore gaming PC. Which is the best one currently on the market? I play lots of FPS games so I want it to be very powerful!
how do i get a cranky baby to sleep?
Hi, I cut myself pretty badly, and I can't seem to staunch the bleeding with a bandage. Can you teach me how to close it with stiches, or something similar?
Footbed sandals seem to be great for your posture. I wonder where the technology first started?
How do you show humility?
When is the best time to visit Florida?
How do you train a dog?
How do you translate a webpage to English in Google Chrome?
Can you tell me what you know about the underground railroad?
Whats the best way to mop my floor
Like to see a new movie. I have heard that Sydney Poitier has had some great movies. Do you know of any?
What are some popular foods in Japanese culture?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rondon?
I'm trying to figure out how I can train my cat to do some tricks.
How does mulch help in your garden?
How can I restore the dead grass in my backyard?
Do you like snow or sun better?
How do I learn to do wallclimbing?
Can you tell me some facts about Oslo, Norway?
What's a good introduction to learning how to sew something?
How do you make a cloth mask?
How can I improve my penmanship?
How can I prevent or relieve a bloated stomach?
I have a mouse in kitchen. What is the best trap to use to catch it?
What should I do for myself after I got a raise?
what are some stews I can make?
I want to learn how to cut my own hair
How do I enhance my sports car?
My daughter, who is 14, is obsessed with a singer named Harry Styles. It's literally all she talks about and seems to think about all the time. It's getting on everyone's nerves and I don't think it's healthy for her. He is her constant focus, to the detriment of anything else.
When was Nike founded?
I need advice on which game console to buy
Can you tell me what happened in the 2008 stock market crash? What caused it?
When was Domino's Pizza founded?
Are cucumbers a vegetable or a fruit
I bought some cologne the other day and am wondering, are men and women attracted to different smells or is this just marketing?
How do I clean in between tiles?
What can I do to avoid my risk of wrecking while driving in the rain?
Can you help me figure out how to ask a bank for a credit increase on a credit card?
Do people tend to buy more Hams for Christmas or Thanksgiving?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nasi Goreng?
Can you explain how GPS works?
Hi, I have to do a report for my history class on slavery of the U.S.. Can you help me to understand the historical context of slavery here, why it began, and when and how it ended?
I'm trying to repair rotting wood in the middle of winter. Can you give me any advice for doing this?
What sort of long-term effects does caffeine have on the body?
How do I modify my accent in speaking english?
I'm an adult and wetting the bed. Help!
Can you tell me how a carbon tax credit works?
What are some inspirational superheroes for kids?
Is a bulldog a good pet?
What is the papparazzi?
How can I learn how to play chess?
What are some good tropical flavored popsicles I can make at home?
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
Find an apple fritter recipe
What is a good prayer to start the day?
What are some tapas I can make?
What can I use a vacuum for in my house?
How can I get started brewing my own beer at home?
What was World War 2 like?
How to get rid of hiccups?
Hey AI, I'm trying to learn about crime statistics in L.A. Could you help me?
What are some low impact workouts?
Hi, I'm thinking about getting a ferret. Can you tell me how to care for one of those adorable animals?
What is a good freshwater fishing pole that costs under $50?
How do I make pretzels?
What are the instructions for tying a tie?
I'm trying to make waffles using a waffle machine. I lost the recipe that came with the manual. Can you help me?
What is the best way to prioritize my tasks for work?
If I'm a US citizen, how can I visit Cuba?
What are some places to visit in Amsterdam?
Please tell me about the game “Astro Boy”.
What are some of the best grindhouse films?
What can I say to someone to stop them from letting their dog crap everywhere?
What's the best way to teach English to someone who doesn't know the language?
I have an old computer that I don't use much anymore. What are some things that I can do with an old computer?
What kind of finger food do people usually serve at an informal party?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bird's nest soup?
How do I choose the right paint color for my house?
Hi, I'm going to Orlando and the hotel prices I'm finding are outrageous. Do you have any suggestions for how I might get less expensive hotel rooms?
How do I start my own business?
How do you zero out a digital scale?
I want to start working out, but I'd like to do it w/ people. How do I find workout buddies?
What do I do if javelina are coming into my backyard?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
Can you help me? I'm trying to find a book I recall from my childhood. I don't remember the title but I remember it was about Anansi the spider god.
What are some games that embrace roleplaying? I want to try some of them out.
I want to bypass this round. I hit a button that just erased the last turns. The convo. was good.
What's the most common flavor of cough drop? There's so many flavors out there.
What kind of food has vitamin A in it?
How can you give yourself a makeover at home?
How do I collect chicken eggs from my chickens?
What is an API?
Who was John the Baptist?
Where do our dreams stem from?
What are some ideas for leftover turkey?
Do you know why we haven't gone to the moon again? The US went there a couple times and that was it.
Do paper newspapers even make money anymore now that everything is online?
Is GTA 3 similiar to Cyberpunk 2077 at all?
Who is starring in the latest production of "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway?
How do I get over guilt?
Is feeling depressed a character flaw?
What is a prepaid debit card?
How can I make a car costume?
How do I use a hot glue gun?
What are some shows I can watch in Las Vegas?
What is the earliest stores open on Black Friday?
Would you help me learn more about the video game Crysis.
What can I use as creamer for coffee?
I'm learning a lot about science. Can you tell me about the scientific method? Explain its main concepts, please
How should I clean plexiglass?
Isis seem to be a very important goddess in Egyptian theology. What's her story?
What are some of the best films directed by Peter Jackson?
What should I pack when visiting a national park?
Are kangaroos dangerous?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carbonada criolla?
How do I learn to read braille?
how should i dress to go to church?
What are some of the best power metal bands?
What is the story of Thanksgiving?
What are the best stocks to invest in?
Is Fedex a good option to ship packages?
What is the drug crack made out of?
Why did he stop talking to me
How did they decide on the height of the basket for basketball.
How do I make a felt board?
what do i do if my chest is congested?
Can you give me the ingredients to make the perfect spaghetti?
I'd like to move to a new country. Can you recommend one that is peaceful, safe and beautiful?
My doctor told me I have high cholesterol. Can you tell me exactly what cholesterol is?
Who were the stars of The Kardashians show?
I want to know some things that the Victorians did that we would think are unusual. Can you help/
How does crypto currency work to make transactions anonymous?
Are there any key similarities between the bible and teh qu'ran?
I'm planning a trip to Sydney, Australia. Can you point me in the direction of some popular tourist spots and attractions?
How do you make a Reuben sandwich?
Can you tell me any recent movies by the actor Adam Sandler that have grossed over 100 million at the box office?
My dog has separation anxiety when I go to work for the day. Can you give me suggestions to keep him happy and healthy while I'm away from home?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of money orders?
How can I act as santa claus?
Can you give me a recipe for angel food cake?
make a specialized birth day cake for my grand daughter
Do they have wigs for men?
What is a home equity loan?
How do I teach a child to read music?
What are some tips as to how I can come up with a good title for an article?
Where did the idea of eggs and bacon as a breakfast food originate?
I'd like to support a friend who recently went through a divorce. Do you have thoughts?
Can you tell me information on which laws protect against hunting African lions?
Can you give me the lyrics to "Auld Lang Syne"?
Why do leaves change color in the fall?
I have pork belly and tomato sauce in my fridge. Can you recommend any dishes I can cook using these?
Do you know how to be happy?
Whats the cheapest state to take at a vacation at.
How do I break it to my child that his grandpa passed away?
How do I make pancakes from scratch?
Was thinking about picking up a new book. Cheryl Strayed is a pretty popular author these days. Do you know any of her books?
Who wrote "The Star-Spangled Banner" ?
What are the details of a put option is for a stock?
Can you tell me how calories are measured?
I'm going to a football tailgate for the first time. What can I expect?
What is there to do at Big Basin Redwoods State Park?
What is nine minus ten?
what can you tell me about the Russian Revolution of 1917?
What do I do if I got stung by a bunch of red ants?
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
what are some fun toys for a 14 year old?
I'm trying to make an apple pie. Can you help me?
What is the safest way to travel from USA to Mexico
How do you reconnect with an old friend that you hadn't talk to in years?
How can I store cookie dough?
I'm taking a trip to Iceland and need to learn a few common words. Can you help?
Why did my dog throw up from the thanksgiving turkey
I want to plant squash in my garden this year. Do you know what the best season is to plant them in Maryland?
What is the best way to get a coffee stain off clothing?
What are some good cat toys that can teach her problem solving?
What card games can suggest playing with my kids? They are 8 and 10.
Why was criminal minds cancelled?
I'd like to start attending theatre classes, but don't know where to begin. Could you help?
What's the difference between a light roast and other roasts of coffee?
Why did oil-rich countries form OPEC?
What are some toys I can buy my kids so they can play supermarket?
How can I make a terrarium?
How can I straighten my hair?
Can you help me find a flight from Miami to Hawaii?
I get along very well with everyone at my workplace, but a recent situation is puzzling me. A colleague has just recently started behaving very coldly towards me, avoiding me when possible and barely interacting with me when we are in close proximity. I don't understand what happened and they won't tell me, instead insisting everything is "fine." It's not though and I don't know why.
Who was often credited with creating the first car in the world?
how do I get a 4th grader to memorize multiplication facts?
Why do people from northern states like to retire in southern places like Florida?
I'd like to play a new video game. I'm thinking something in the strategy genre. Do you have any suggestions?
What is the difference between a show dog and a regular dog?
Are people in China racist against Europeans?
what was the first year that the toyota corolla was made?
My kids want to get a rabbit for a pet. Can you give me advice on owning a pet rabbit?
A friend of mine has recently lost a family member. What's the best way to organize a funeral service?
How do you undo an action in file explorer?
What should you wear to an interview?
What's the fastest way to safely thaw meat?
What is a good family road trip in California?
Why does my skin get more dry in cold weather?
Should you use a shampoo with a conditioner?
What are good ways to relax after a hard day of work?
Please tell me about Porsche. I'm interested in buying a used one.
What should I build my guest house out of?
How do I care for curly hair?
I'd like to learn how to say "sorry" in a few different languages. Can you help?
I am having second thoughts about my career but I feel like it's too late to switch now. How do I start over and find a new career?
What is an ach payment?
Lately I have been eating a lot of poke. Can you tell me the history of poke?
What 's the best home workout routine?
How do I keep bugs from coming through the drain?
What is a good credit score to apply for a house loan?
Why do women wear white at a wedding?
How do I make pretzels?
what are some good christmas desserts?
Can you give some examples of animals that hibernate in winter?
is it safe to use a phone while it's on the charger?
How do I begin the process of getting my passport?
How can I treat a gallbladder attack?
Can you help me find books that will teach me about investing and how to become financially successful?
I wonder what kind of fabric makes the most effective gift wrapping bow. Plastic, wool, paper?
There are several types of Chinese food. One of them is Szechuan. What are the other types?
I want to make authentic spegetti sauce or Italian Red Gravy.
Can you tell me about the real ID, id card program in the US?
Can you help me find information on the role playing game Pathfinder?
Is vicks vapo rub really good for relieving congestion for adults?
What are some healthy drinks for my diabetic aunt?
What are some spaghetti sauce ideas?
Should I make baby food or should I buy it? Gerber is a good brand.
How do I market my business on social media?
How do I invest in mansion properties?
How can I make fried trout at home?
Hi, my friend brought over a deck of cards and he wants to play 21, but I don't know the rules. Can you explain how the game is played?
I'd like to learn how to safely ride a motorcycle. Do you have any motorcycle safety tips?
Why is Statue of Liberty famous?
How can I prepare for an interview?
Can you tell me what kind of collisions are covered in an insurance policy having full coverage?
Why is linen so expensive compared to cotton?
How long should a honeymoon be?
How do I protect my wood deck from termites?
I have a pretty bad cold but I have really important business meeting tomorrow. Is there anything I can do to make my cold go away faster?
What is needed to get a permit to hold a public demonstration?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cosa de Horno?
What are the pros and cons of homeschooling children?
What is Carroll Shelby famous for?
My showerhead has been leaking for days. How can I fix a leaking showerhead?
How do I blow a bubble with gum?
What are some things I can do in Monterrey, Mexico?
What are some artists I would like if I like Lana Del Ray?
I'm trying to make peanut butter cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
Do dogs really need coats in the winter?
I want to know the history of Betsy Ross and the American Flag.
When did the First Fleet land in Australia?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Liberian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pepper Kala?
I want to add Kale to my garden this year as well. Do you know what the best season is to plant Kale in Maryland?
How do you take a screenshot?
My skin has had an orange tint to it recently. What could be causing this?
What can I do to protect my tablet from viruses?
What do I do if my stomach hurts?
Is C# a good programming language for a beginner?
How can I make steak in the oven?
Can you teach me how to make a smoothie?
What is the largest planet in our solar system?
Why are there so many different size bullets for guns?
I want to find a new vegan cake recipe. My son is allergic to eggs. Do you have any recipes?
What is the easiest way to decorate a living room?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of rail travel?
What can my kids make out of blocks?
What do I buy a girl who loves disney princesses?
How do I use a multimeter?
What are places I can visit in Melbourne?
What are pros and cons of using a portable heater?
I want to do a fundraiser for charity. Can you help me plan it?
There are some pretty luxurious ships for millionaires, what is the most expensive one?
Are all the ten commandments equally important?
what is the largest capacity stadium in the world?
What is the youngest age that someone can buy cigarettes in the USA?
How do I use Google Docs for a group of students to all work on a shared document?
How do I give a shoulder massage?
How can I clean a pearl necklace?
Can you teach me how to play the guitar?
I have an M1 macbook 13 inch. How long is my battery typically supposed to last before needing service
What does LTE mean?
How do I put together a charcuterie board?
I'm going on a road trip. What is the best way to read a paper map?
What are some tips on saving money?
What happens to people who get huge hospital bills that they can't pay off?
Should you get your child vaccinated for HPV?
I am taking a psychology class, and I have a hard time understanding the Pavlov Dog experiment. Can you explain it to me?
What is the best way to invest money?
Should I go to Hawaii or Jamaica?
What is a hair mask?
One famous opera, is Delibes Lakme. Can you tell me a bit about the plot?
What can I do if I hate bugs but don't like killing them?
I want to go travelling. A place that is hot and has good history. Can you give me a good option?
How do I get rid of odors in the interior of a car?
What are some places I can visit in Pisa?
Can you provide me with a recipe for a non alcoholic drink for Thanksgiving dinner?
What's the best way to choose gifts?
How often should I wash my merino wool socks? I wear them every day.
How can I boost my immune system?
How do you persuade someone to not drink and drive?
Can you tell me information on what the symptoms of Covid are?
Could you help me put together a playlist of 90s alternative music?
How do I decide between getting a cat or a dog?
I need help quitting smoking
Hey, my friend is a new mom and has become very quiet in our group chats and not available to hangout. I understand she's building her new family, but I also want to let her know that I'm here to be her friend and support her in this journey
Have there been any major developments in rocket technology?
Find a loaded baked potato recipe
What kind of arithmetic was used in Feudal Japan?
Was there a sequel made to Dirty Dancing?
Can you help me learn a little about bitcoin?
Could you provide me some information on the Bosnian War?
Does Portugal promote its tourism industry?
How do I clean stainless steel?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Farls?
how much should i drink at an office party?
what are some good novels for a 9 year old?
I love the movie Dirty Dancing. Where was it filmed?
Leo Tolstoy was quite a writer. How long were most of his works, page wise, roughly?
How do I dust my house?
Can dogs eat fruit?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad See Ew?
Would love to discuss a few top songs from the artist Pharrell. Any tunes you know?
How do I know if I need an inhaler?
How can I give up cigarettes?
How does car financing work?
How do you measure your resting heartbeat?
How can I learn to remain calm in a stressful situation?
What is the unit for measuring brightness?
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
What are the benefits of fish oil?
What is cryptocurrency?
My cakes often come out dry. What are some tips you know of that can ensure when baking a cake, the cake comes out moist.
how do i teach my kids about sex?
How do I make amends with someone?
Why don't cars come with a full size spare tire anymore?
How do you count your blessing?
Who invented the computer?
Greta Garbot was such an icon, and died, too early. What were some of her well known works?
Is Fox News a credible news source?
How can I build my immune system?
how can i cheer up a baby who misses his parents?
What are the best calorie burning exercises?
My new Macbook has a feature called "battery saver" where it automatically limits charges around my charging schedule to better elongate the battery life. Should I use this feature?
Can a building collapse out of nowhere?
What are places to visit in Philadelphia?
I'm going to get my wisdom tooth out. What kind of anesthesia is used?
What is the average deductible on property insurance?
What is intermittent fasting?
How do I use epoxy?
Can a hernia be repaired?
How do you cook sous vide?
How do I improve my grammar in a foreign language?
Not sure what blood test results will be
what do i feet my rat?
I have a camping trip coming up and am very worried about getting poison ivy. Can you list me the defining characteristics of this plant?
Who is Mike Pence?
I need help with a task!
I suffer from migraine headaches and they seem to be getting worse. When I get one, I'm out of commission for a couple days and nothing seems to help. I've seen doctors and tried different medication, but to no avail.
What is the best way to tie off a tender to the side of my boat?
What are some spreads for bread?
Hi, my guitar is obviously out of tune. How do I tune it?
Is UPS a good shipping company?
Why are soufflés so difficult to get right?
How are dread locks braided?
Can you help me with my mental illness?
What is the best time of the year to visit Thailand?
What is a simple way of getting kids to eat their veggies?
What are some foods using tomatoes?
Is mailing entries a good way to win money from sweepstakes?
How heavy were most cannon balls during the medieval period?
I'm thinking about learning how to play the recorder. If you got any pointers, I'm listening.
are all information in the Internet are true?
How do I keep my glass table clean?
Who was better? The Monkees or the Beatles
Did Google Corp change its name to something else?
Is a registered nurse a good career?
How often do people die of cancer because they never knew they even had it?
I'm looking for some TV shows about time travel. Maybe ones similar to Steins;Gate. Do you know of any?
I need to teach a child the meaning of exponential notation
I want to make homemade potato chips, can you walk me through the process?
What equipment do I need for rock climbing?
Hey! How do I level up as a person?
Can you recommend me some shows that are similar to the comedy Friends?
what do i do about an anal fissure?
Why does my skin get more dry in cold weather?
I'm trying to make chicken fried rice. Can you help me?
Can I get a Verizon phone without stepping into a brick and mortar store?
Can you make a list of citrus fruits?
What is a grand jury?
What are activities I can do at a lake?
What do hair lice look like? I think my daughter may have caught them from a friend but am unsure what they exactly look like.
What do I do about a cracked front tooth?
Can you give some examples of defunct automobile brands?
I want to add Kale to my garden this year as well. Do you know what the best season is to plant Kale in Maryland?
How can you press flowers?
I wonder if physically levitating is something you can train yourself to do mentally? Through meditation?
Can you hep me with a cocktail recipe that contains coffee?
What does DC stand for (related to comics)?
how do i become a school counselor?
Do you have any suggestions for vegan side dishes for thanksgiving?
Lately I have the song Jingle Bells stuck in my head. Can you suggest other songs similar to Jingle Bells?
Can you help me? I'm trying to find a book I recall from my childhood. I don't remember the title but I remember it was about Anansi the spider god.
I need to start saving money, can you help me set up a basic budget?
I've heard a lot about people trying to get rid of plastic straws for some environmental reason, but I don't know the reason. Can you explain this to me?
How do people get a blood infection?
How do I make my own sorbet?
Which automobile company was the first to offer seat belts?
How do I make a breakfast burrito?
I'd like to go on my first date before 2022, how do I make that happen?
Is iced coffee just regular coffee with ice in it?
Can you help me determine if I have any poisonous spiders in my area?
How do I teach reading montessori style?
Can you recommend some ways to propose marriage to my girlfriend?
Can sitting down for too long do harm to my back? I am on the computer for 8-10 hours a day and am worried about the long term consequences.
How do I write effective tweets?
what does it take to become a performer for disney on ice?
How do you know if you have 20/20 vision?
how many square mile is Lake Michigan
How can I extract oil from a coconut?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pecel Lele?
What are some things that I can add to a healthy smoothie?
Which foods are high in B Vitamins?
Hello, I am trying to find the most dry cabernet sauvignon from California. Can you help?
I'm trying to find Venus in the sky, which direction should I look?
what are some low fat meats?
Find a pork and beans recipe
I'm travelling to Iceland and need to learn some terms for points of interest.
Is the US Postal Service a private company?
how can i get my kids to wake up for school?
How do you deal with rude people?
Do you have any good recipes for barley water?
what are some geometric designs for tattoos?
How do I make a rubber band ball?
I am getting a new phone. Is 5g better than 4g?
How do I make a wedge salad?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Congolese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Madesu?
Where can I find arrowheads?
What causes Earth to rotate on an axis around the sun?
I need to make some breakfast pancakes for my parents in law but I have no idea how to cook them. Can you walk me through it?
What are some good Mario games for Nintendo 64?
Find a recipe for crab and avocado salad
what is the information super highway
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Soto Ayam?
Why do we eat turkey for Thanksgiving
I'd like to write a novel. Can you give me some advice?
What is the best way to protect yourself in case of an earthquake? I've read that standing in between a doorway is actually not the right thing to do.
What are some easy ways to make baby doll clothes?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cameroonian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Poulet?
Do you have any suggestions where I can see Egrets in the US?
I'd like to go on my first date before 2022, how do I make that happen?
I need help quitting smoking
From what age can children take lessons at a shooting range?
How does discord work?
what are some fun jungle animals to teach my kids about?
How do you adjust a computer monitor's color temperature?
What is a Cold War?
What does the atmosphere of Mars contain?
When was Nike founded?
How do I get diagnosed with lupus?
what do i do if i smell smoke?
How do I make a mango smoothie?
Is learning to ride a skateboard easy?
What do you know about critical race theory? Where did it originate?
Who is Patrick Leahy?
How do I get better at playing pool?
How do I become a female boss?
What are some of Jodie Foster's best movies?
I'm trying to resole a leather boot that's coming undone. What kind of solvent do I need to hold the sole firm to the boot?
I need more information on how World War 1 started. How did it start and what countries were directly involved in starting the war?
I love eating oatmeal for breakfast. I wonder if doctors say, how much oatmeal daily, would be too much to consume?
I heard that basketball was an American invention?
What video game that requires you to eat the dots throughout a maze?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
Is Business Administration a good career?
Oatmeal raisin cookie recipe
How do you remove the skins from chicken drumsticks?
How do I make homemade hot chocolate?
I'm trying to find a drag show near me
Did ancient Egyptians wear pajamas?
Hello. I was thinking about improving the performance of my computer at home, but I am not very tech savvy. What are some easy ways to make my PC run better?
I'm trying to figure out how to best train an AI assistant. How should I go about doing that?
How many Earth like planets are estimated to be in our galaxy?
Can you tell me some musical artists similar to the Foo Fighters?
what steps I should take to go about adopting a dog?
what are pros and cons of electric cars?
With the holidays coming up, I'd like to make some homemade Christmas gifts. Do you have any ideas?
Are there any resources I can use to learn how to calculate probability?
My friend wants to join the USA military. Is there an age limit? Can you get too old?
What should I bring to a potluck?
Can an egg really be fried on a sidewalk on a hot day?
How do I train my dog to behave well around other dogs?
I want to make a dessert that originates from Afghanistan. It's called Sheer Pira
How should I dress on a summer hike?
I wonder why I can't put saltwater fish in a freshwater tank?
Who is Dick Clark?
What are pros and cons of electrical cars?
How long do sea turtles live for?
How often should you change your car battery?
Do feral cats need to eat everyday or do they skip days?
How do I know if I have a migraine?
I'm looking to buy a new bed. Are expensive ones worth the money?
What are some cool dinosaurs my kids might want to learn about?
be more romantic with my wife who seem cold as of late
How do you take your coffee?
What should I do if there are bees flying around outside my house?
What does it mean to be lactose intolerant?
What do the different karats of gold mean?
Hi, I just got a cat, and I've never owned one before. What do I need to do to care for her?
Do I need an ID when buying alcohol in the United States?
I've been feeling low energy the last few months. Sometimes it feels like I can't even get out of bed. What do you think the problem is?
Can anyone get a student loan?
What is workers compensation?
What are some movies about dragons?
How can I keep my house cool without air conditioning?
which team won the most NBA championships?
What state did Joe Biden represent when he was a senator?
Can you recommend me some video games that are similar to Resident Evil?
What do you know about The war of 1812
I want to invest in DoorDash Inc. stock. Is it too late?
How much does the tooth fairy pay?
Could you recommend me some books that are similar to the series Game of Thrones?
Can you recommend a good recipe for a healthy and delicious lasagne?
I need help finding the best pie recipe.
I got sprayed by a skunk. How do I get the odor off?
how do i keep my nose from getting redwhen i have a runny nose?
Can you tell me why Chocolate is bad for dogs?
I'm trying to find arguments against smoking. Can you help?
How do I get rid of pigeons?
How do I get my kids to make a thank you card?
What can be causing me to have itchy skin?
I'm trying to find out more about the Occupation of Nicaragua. Can you help me learn more about this conflict?
I'm trying to learn how to play chess better. Can you provide me with some strategy books on the game?
Can you help me bake a cake for my boyfriend's birthday? I need ideas as to what flavour I should pick.
Do Doctors get used to having patients die?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rogel?
How do you get over your fear of needles?
How do you invest in stocks?
Where are the best places to travel for cheap and within the United States?
Should you call people sir and mam?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Karbonāde?
What do I do if my child is always yelling at me?
I've heard that some people can get great little shops running, on the Etsy website, for their personal crafts. Could a person make a living doing such a thing? Do you have examples?
What are some fun things i can get my child to play with his superhero toys?
How do I make sangria?
What are ways to comfort someone that has lost a pet?
Do you have any knowledge on how one should prepare, or do before donating blood?
What is interstitial cystitis?
Is horseback riding a good activity for kids?
How do trees produce oxygen?
At what age can I expect my toddler to start cleaning up after themselves?
Who invented rubber and what is it made out of?
What things should I know for surviving in the wilderness?
Can you tell me when the new season of The Boys on Amazon starts?
I want to learn more about the 2016 election. Who was running?
What are some kitchen tools that are commonly found in cooking recipes? I'm trying to see what I should buy for my kitchen.
So I love having sushi and want to branch out and start eating sashimi. They look very much alike, but apparently they are not the same?
How are robots used in restaurants?
What can I buy for a present for a kid who loves mermaids?
What country has the most people living in it?
What are some good doughnut chains?
Sauerkraut seems to have been around for quite some time. How's it made?
Should you take potassium?
why is there a computer chip shortage?
Find Christopher Reeves movies
Who is Deadpool
my boyfriend is asking for 1 more chance, do you think I should forgive him? he said he's just drunk that time
Can you help me find some new pop bands on Soundcloud?
What is a gel manicure
When will the new version of Doctor Strange be released?
What is normal cholesterol levels?
What should I take on a hiking trip?
What are some of Tom Hank's best movies?
can you tell me about air fryers?
What is the difference between pigeons and doves?
I keep getting flats on my bicycle tires and I'm trying to figure out a way to stop this. What can I do to augment my bicycle tries and tubes to avoid flats?
fIND A FLU SHOT NEAR ME
Can you explain what it means to be a Free Agent in Major League Baseball?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Biešu Zupa?
I have just burned myself while cooking and need some advice relative to treating it. Can you provide me with some information about steps to take for faster healing?
What is a nice color for the interior of a house that is nice but not too bright or dingy?
How do you replace a carpet floor with a wood floor?
Can you recommend a movie that was released this year that I can watch at the cinema?
How do i organize a fundraiser?
How can I find out what types of airbags my vehicle has?
how do i get used to the stinging feeling of playing volleyball?
What are some new and different things to do with turkey leftovers?
How much meat should my kids eat a day?
Can you give me advice on how to bake a cake?
I'm interested in learning about computer programming, but I don't know anything about it. Where should I start?]
What are games I can play that are like Sudoku? I love Sudoku!
What is the typical feed for horses living in a stable?
How much money should I charge for washing a car? I'm a teen.
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
How can I improve my negotiation skills?
My dog barks at every stranger that walks by the house. Why does he do this and how can I train him to stop?
I found out that I have a cockroach infestation, can you help me figure how to deal with getting rid of them?
How do you treat a muscle strain?
How does snap score work?
My family wants to do an easter egg hunt this year. Can you explain what that is?
How do I drive a car with a manual transmission?
I'm thinking about building a garden in my back yard. Can you help with some tips and recommendations?
Can you tell me how a typical track and field baton race is conducted?
My son wants me to make rice krispie treats for his school's bake sale. Can you tell me what is in them?
I am attending a traditional Jewish funeral for a colleague. Can you explain to me Jewish funeral customs?
Do you have any recommendations for shows similar to The Walking Dead?
I'm just curious, do you think using of face shield in public really helps lessen the spread of COVID-19?
What is self tanner?
I would like to learn more about the first Star Wars movie.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Beef Mechado?
Are wool socks significantly more durable than cotton socks?
Hi, I remember people used to get pen pals, and I'd like to do that, if it's still possible. How does someone get a pen pal?
What are good christmas gifts for under $50
Who was Linda Rondstadt?
How do I get of coffee stains?
I'm trying to learn more about the Lower House in the Legislative branch. Are you familiar with it?
Where is the best place to go shopping when visiting Japan?
What can I do to treat hemorrhoids at home?
How can I keep going when I feel like a failure?
What are the most popular brands of laundry detergent that people use?
What is the best wood to use to make a canoe?
How do I make my relationship more romantic?
I'm staying in a French chateau and I'm afraid it might be haunted.
I'm applying for a job that's above my experience level. Should I lie about having ore experience, or tell the truth? Why or not why?
I'd like to help a friend who's having problems with his math classes at school. Do you have help to offer?
I want to build a website for my gardening business. Would WordPress or Joomla be best for a novice to start with?
Find Michael Jackson songs
Lately I have been eating a lot of poke. Can you tell me the history of poke?
How do I put dental wax on braces?
One of the zippers on my jacket broke and I don't know how to fix it. Can you point me in the right direction?
What things do I need to have a poker game at my house?
Why is Christmas celebrated on the 25th of December?
Why was daylights saving time created?
Can I keep a sea turtle?
Is a bulldog a good pet?
Would you recommend to me a show that is similar to The Office?
How do I make rice krispie treats?
what would be a good end of year bonus to give to my housekeeper?
What is the New England region of the United States?
I got a bad sunburn. What can I do?
What is the best way to make a friend?
Is accounting a good career choice?
How many hours a day should I let my kids play video games?
How long do Cyber Monday sales go on for?
How many Indigeonous tribes are federally recognized in the USA?
What are some good playdate ideas for a ten year old?
What are some tapas I can make?
How do I get a stain out of my white shirts?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pininyahang Manok?
what are some fun games from nintendo switch?
Does stress give you wrinkles?
I'm trying to lower my blood preasure.
What are some things to do on a cruise?
I had a cavity the last time I went to the dentist, and I'd like to know what foods to avoid in the future to help my dental health.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chimol?
Can you tell me how to complete a certified pipe welding program for a career path?
I want to learn how to make chocolate fudge, can you help me with that?
I would like to learn some arm strengthen exercises I could do from home.
How do I make chamomile tea?
Was considering a light hearted Oscar winning movie to watch this weekend. Any suggestions?
What can I do to decrease my carbon footprint and live a more eco lifestyle?
What are some fun 100th day of school activities?
What is a good christmas gift for my wife?
How can my child learn to play keyboard on their own?
Can I make my own smoothies at home from fresh fruits?
Why does Caterpillar make their vehicles so the owner can't even work on them?
Does classical music really help babies be smarter?
What is a good way to organize toys?
I have to bring food to a thanksgiving dinner and I am not sure what to make. Do you have any ideas?
Which countries still have monarchies?
I want to teach someone verb tenses. Can you explain to me the different kinds of verb tenses that exist?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
Do you know which streaming service has the show Family Guy?
What are the dangers of a child doing gymnastics?
Is it true that artificial sweeteners increase ones appetite?
What's the best way to ask someone out on a date who you've just met?
How do I follow the Atkins diet?
How do I know whether to use oil based or water based paint?
What are some things I can do with vanilla ice cream?
I am getting ready to get my business taxes done for the year and I would like to know what documentation I need to take to the accountant so they have what they need to get my taxed figured out.
Can a person born in Canada be a US Senator?
What State has the strictest emission laws when it comes to private vehicles?
Can you help me pick out a good Valentine's Day card for my girlfriend?
What is an ASE mechanic?
Can you tell me which things the Blue Origin space fights were the first to do?
What can I add to ramen?
how can i display my awards?
I'm trying to figure out what to get my wife for Christmas. Can you help?
If a helicopter's engines fails in mid flight, does the helicopter just fall straight down like a rock?
What does an EKG test for?
How much should I tip generally when eating out at a restaurant?
What do the different codes in a hospital mean?
What is the difference between red wine and white wine?
What is there to do in Wildwood, NJ?
How do you purify water from a stream so it's drinkable?
I want to have a holiday themed movie night. Can you recommend some popular Christmas movies?
Can you give me a suggestion for fun family holiday activities?
Can you tell me about the history of folk music?
Can you tell me what year the popular MMO World of Warcraft was released?
I'm learning about inherited traits versus learned characteristics in dogs. Can you tell me the difference between the two concepts?
How do I resolve a conflict I'm having with a friend?
Whats the best way to catch fish?
Why do people from northern states like to retire in southern places like Florida?
I'm going to be hosting a party this Friday night. What's some good dance music that I can play?
WHAT FRUIT IS LOW CALORIE
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Schnitzel?
How often should I go to church?
Can you tell me about the show "The Good Place". I need a bullet point list with information about it
Where did the tradition of diamond wedding rings come from?
Is it easy to make a living as a professional poker player?
How did the american football get it's oblong shape?
Please tell me about Alexander Fleming, the person who discovered penicillin.
What kind of gasses are gas giants are made out of?
Can you help me lose weight? I'm starting to feel bloated.
Are there any good music concerts coming up?
Why do men and women have different clothes sizes?
What is the most beautiful language found around the world?
I need a good children's museum near Norfolk VA
Hello, I am trying to find out who the original Phantom of the Opera was on Broadway in NYC. Can you help?
I notice that some music nowadays uses autotune, do you know what autotune is and how does it work?
How can I stick to a budget
Can you tell me the usual cost of a train from London to Manchester?
I'm travelling to Iceland and need to learn some terms for points of interest.
What kind of hair style do you have?
Find a chocolate chip cookie recipe
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Eggplant Caponata?
What is the plot of Dune?
Can you recommend me a band that sounds similar to In Flames?
Can you teach me how to make a smoothie?
What are alternatives to turkey on thanksgiving?
My father passed away a few years ago, but his birthday is coming up. How can I honor his memory on his special day?
Can people install different operating systems on Apple computers like they can on PCs?
what should i consider when thinking of freezing my eggs?
What does the Goodwill do?
Would the USA be a safer country if everyone had a gun all the time?
Please summarize the following: LICENSE AND ACCESS Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and any Service Terms, and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service, or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any downloading, copying, or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. No Amazon Service, nor any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Amazon. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Amazon's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Amazon. You may not misuse the Amazon Services. You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law. The licenses granted by Amazon terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.
How do I keep from bawling my eyes out in an emotional situation?
What are the medicinal properties of chamomile?
What do vegetarians eat for Thanksgiving?
Any advice on how to stay calm after being insulted?
What are supplies I need for birdwatching?
Does a hot tub help with pain?
Hi, I hear Soulseek is a good source of free music. Can you explain how to use it?
Assistant, I am writing about culture and want to know what are the things that make up a culture?
How can I start a recycling system at home?
How can I clean a saxophone mouthpiece?
Why are gas prices so high?
Hi, I was born in 1990, so I missed the music of the 1980s. Can you help me create a playlist including the most popular and important bands, albums, and songs of that era?
Should you straighten your hair?
Can you provide me with some steps on dealing with betrayal?
What is the FDA?
What should I pack when visiting a national park?
My friend just died. How do I cope?
What's the best way to return a lost wallet to its owner?
Why can prisons pay convicts less than minimum wage for their work?
How can I be better at saving money?
What is osteoarthritis?
What do I need to start a podcast?
Have we found all of the elements that exist in the universe or are some still undiscovered?
I'm curious about some simple ways to save on gasoline? I've heard that taking anything heavy out of the car, may improve gas mileage.
What is a great song for a marching band to play
How do I make popcorn without a microwave?
Can you give me an explanation on how humans were technically created from stars?
Do you need to have some kind of anti-virus on cell phones like you do computers?
How do you make the base for a cream soup?
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
How can I find an electrician to let me be his or her apprentice?
Should I change my own oil?
I'm not sure why but lately I seem to have lost interest in, well, everything. I work, I come home, I sleep, I work again, etc. My former hobbies just seem kind of blah to me now and I don't have anything new that's piquing my interest. This is a new experience for me and I'm worried. What is happening to me?
Can you tell me how to find out what my cellphone data cap is?
What is a great song for a marching band to play
What do you know about generational trauma, and do you believe it exists?
I just accidentally sprayed myself with bear spray. My eyes are stringing, my face is hot and I can barely breathe. What do I do?
What are some movies with Julia Roberts?
What is the top best selling book of 2021?
What are some plants that could repel mosquitoes?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukraninian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Vareniki?
What are some good ways to sharpen knives?
Does a hot tub help with pain?
I need to know what to gift a college graduate next year. Got any suggestions?
How do I learn to spin on ice?
I have heard that you can put pancake batter in egg omelets. Is this true?
Does an oil furnace need to be cleaned?
What is helter skelter
Can you describe to me what biotic and abiotic factors involve?
As Thanksgiving is next week, what are you grateful for?
What are some asian dishes using broccoli?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Soursop?
Hello, I am trying to find a recipe for Green Bean Casserole
How do I get a cat to shed less?
What is the most played sport in the United States?
What is Mercari?
Hi, several of my friends brew their own beer, and I'd like to do the same. Can you tell me how to brew my own beer? What kind of ingredients and equipment will I need to buy, and how long will it take me to do?
Do the Police Departments get to keep all the money they get from tickets?
How can I get blood out of cotton?
I haven't clean my gutters in years. What are the consequences of this?
What are some relaxation techniques to do in the airport?
What year did the first Doom game release?
How can I keep going when I feel like a failure?
Is it important to get plenty of vitamins in your diet, and how best to go about this?
I'm trying to find a crockpot
Can you give me a recipe for almond tofu?
Do you have any good date ideas?
What are some good flavored beers?
What are in recipes for chicken wings?
how do i gain better impulse control?
Can you help me define what misanthropy is?
Hi, I'm tired of paying for software. How do I pirate it?
I just got a new job in an office and the dress code is "business casual." What kinds of clothes should I wear?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cuy Asado?
Why does Angelina Jolie have so many kids
What are some interesting bagel toppings?
Is a diesel engine or gas engine better for a truck?
how do i make clam chowder?
The harmonica is an old instrument. What's the history of it?
How does Doordash work?
Did Maurice Bernard write a book?
What construction method do most modern homes use?
Can you explain how assets are divided in a divorce
How does a 3D movie trick your brain?
What is control group in an experiment?
Is there an Irish language that is still used today?
What are some fun chocolatey smoothies I can make?
What are some fun playdate themes?
How can I spend less time on the internet?
Why did people buy all the toilet paper when they didn't need that much?
When was the MARS chocolate company founded?
What is an advanced healthcare directive?
How do I keep from misplacing my keys?
what's a good place to listen to music for free online?
Are modern pencils made out of graphite?
I was adding a border color in CSS and did it like this border-color; red but it didn't work out. What am I missing?
How can I solve a sudoku puzzle?
I'm looking for resources for good mental health, can you help?
Where did rodeo clowns come from?
How can I help my children to interpret the Bible?
Can you tell me what you know about the underground railroad?
I've heard a lot of motivational speakers talk about only getting 3 to 4 hours of sleep a night. How come some people can function so well on so little sleep?
What can I see in Belize?
How long have people been using dogs as pets?
How do I make a fruit tart?
Where is the best place to Vacation in the USA?
What is a secret santa exchange?
what are some common things people put on their bucket lists?
Can you tell me about the Inkas?
After I got back from my daily walk I started to notice my knee started to ache. I think I may have arthritis and I was wondering if stretching prior to walking would help mitigate some of the pain associated with the arthritis?
How do I become a more engaging public speaker?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Peperonata?
Can you recommend some meals that I can have for a healthy lunch?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Tunisian Ojja?
What do FBI agents do?
Can you recommend some fun kids' movies that came out in the last few years?
How can I find out if if there are any road closures in my area due to a storm?
What do I do if my child kicks off his blanket at night?
What are some kinds of poetry I can teach a child to write?
What are some good clothes to wear to a semi formal dance?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ayem Goreng?
house prices are going up fast. Should I buy now or wait?
How do I call someone in Australia if I live in America?
Do you know any tourist attractions in New Mexico. I am going there on business but I will have two days off.
What are some good car auction websites
Can you give me a recipe for seared scallops?
How can I get dust off my ceiling?
I'm trying to learn more about the Iron Maiden album The Number of the Beast.
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
How do I keep from getting shocked when opening door knobs?
what are some hearty soups for winter?
Which country had the best fighter airplanes in WW2?
What is the normal frequency range that humans can hear?
What color is the sky?
I recently heard songs from this genre called 'vaporwave' and thought they were pretty cool. Can you recommend some artists?
What is the healthiest way to cook vegetables to retain their nutritional value?
i am trying to write a blog about 'why we need to rethink the way we build skills for todays economy'. Can you help me?
Can you tell me what a relish is/
What month do people with the sign Taurus have birthdays in?
How can I tell if my vision is getting worse?
Hello, I am trying to find the most dry cabernet sauvignon from California. Can you help?
What is a nature preserve?
How can I reduce my carbon footprint?
What are the benefits of having a large family?
What is astral projection?
What is a good interest rate on a home loan
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
My neighbor has way too many cats. So many cats in her house and outside. Would it be bad of me if I reported her to the Humane Society?
What does scientific theory mean?
So every now and then I wake up with a sore shoulder that makes the day very long. is there any exercises I can do to help relieve pain?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sambal?
How do I stay awake late when cramming for an exam?
Some people eat lobsters. I don't know much about them though. How long do they live?
How do I get my kids to go to sleep at the same time?
How do I keep my kids from screaming all the time?
Do they make flavors from beaver butts?
What is a domestic partnership?
Every time I want to use gravy, I find myself putting it on mashed potatoes. Are there any other recipes one can use gravy for?
I'd like to make a pumpkin pie for the first time.
Why don't people live longer than we do?
I'm trying to find out more information about Stink Bugs, could you provide me some details?
Could you help me find some techniques to help manage my time better?
What are the most rot resistant woods native to the USA?
How can I get my credit report?
How do I fix a running toilet?
How can I make vegetables more enjoyable for my kid
What are the different types of Mexican salsa?
Hey! I have some friends who only wash their hair once or twice a week. I hear that this is better for my overall hair health but my hair only stays looking good for 1-2 days and then it looks greasy and dried out. Is there any strategies you have for me to keep my hair healthier between washes?
What is worse for you e-cigarettes or regular cigarettes?
How do I find the latest iPad model?
What is the difference between a migraine and a regular headache?
Can you help find if I have to pay fees to terminate my cell phone contract?
I'm having an issue with my cats fighting. Can you help?
What are some funky socks designs I can buy?
What are places to visit in Hong Kong?
How do you make the bed after waking up in the morning?
are fisher cats dangerous
What is the winter solstice?
Hi, I'd like to learn to ice skate. Can you give me some suggestions about doing that without falling down, and picking out a pair of skates that's good for a beginner?
How can I make homemade icing for a chocolate cake?
Are there alot of natural herbs that can sometimes elevate mood. One is called mucuna extract. it's supposedly raises dopamine levels. Have you heard anything about it?
I've often marveled at the The Garden of Earthly Delights is Bosch. Do you know about the piece?
What is a good Christmas present for under $20?
I have a hoodie that is cashmere and it says to hand wash. What are the steps in handwashing a fabric like cashmere?
How do you manage bookmarks in Google Chrome?
What are tapas?
If out space is black, why is the sky blue?
What are some good classical cartoon characters?
What general information can you tell me about Britney Spears album ...Baby One More Time?
Hi, my uncle got me a microscope kit for my birthday, but I can't figure out how it works. How do I use a microscope?
How does it feel to be alive?
Can you tell me how to find out the regulations on ocean fishing for a particular species?
What are good places to visit in Nashville?
how can i get a child not to favor one parent over the other?
How do I keep my elbows moisturized during the winter?
Who is the CEO of Google?
When writing about a smell, a scent, what are some good ways to communicate such?
Hi, I just got a new rifle with iron sights. How do I aim it?
Find Christopher Reeves movies
I hear that the brain blocks traumatic memories. Why does it do this?
How and why does gravity work the way it does? Why are smaller objects attracted to larger objects?
My eleven dog is coughing, could it be serious
What are the benefits of consuming bananas?
Do newer macbook batteries need to be "calibrated"?
I would like to make some ornaments for my Christmas tree. Do you have any suggestions on how to do that?
What are some ways to make my house smell good?
What are some basic karate moves that I can learn?
Can you explain volume price analysis to me?
What is an advanced healthcare directive?
Is Myanmar safe place to take a vacation?
What things should I know for surviving in the wilderness?
How do I write an effective term paper for a college class?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken Cacciatore?
If I have enough money to buy a house with cash, should I do that over getting a mortgage?
Would you be able to explain the differences between the Spanish and Italian language?
I need some information on what type of cat food is better for my new cat, wet or dry food. Can you help me?
Can you help me learn about detox juices?
Is drinking alcohol bad for people?
How can I make a tofu salad?
Have any products been recalled recently?
How do I learn to ride an atv?
How is China's president elected?
My son is having difficulties paying attention in class and his grades are suffering. What should I do?
Can you help me make a batch of waffles?
What are some of the best Christmas songs?
How far is the moon from the sun
What is an accessible dwelling unit
Can you tell me if my computer has the hardware to run the game World of Warcraft?
Why does my stomach make a grumbling sound when I am hungry?
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
I'm going to a football tailgate for the first time. What can I expect?
What is good food for rabbits?
Where can I see a giraffe?
How do you make Jell-O or gelatin dessert?
What equipment do I need for rock climbing?
Can you explain the differences between gas and induction stoves?
How can I stop acid reflux?
How often should you update your computer's anti-virus? I haven't updated mine in over a year.
is there a way to stop my cat from shedding so much?
Do you have recipe for chocolate chip pancakes you can walk me through?
How do I throw a fairy party?
I'm planning to travel to the Philippines, what are the facts of the Philippines that can you provide?
How do I create a scavenger hunt?
What do people mean when they say 'cry me a river?'
How long do sea turtles live for?
How can I create a desert garden in my backyard?
What is an LLC? How can I know if I should get one?
Can you help me word an apology to a friend? I just want to get the message across that "I'm sorry and never meant for things to turn out this way" but feel like the apology should be longer.
Could you help me put together a playlist of 90s alternative music?
There's a heavy Creole influences in terms of cooking in the US. Can you tell me more about Creole cooking, such as its history and the flavors of Creole?
There are some pretty luxurious ships for millionaires, what is the most expensive one?
How do I improve my heart rate?
What are physics?
Do you have any knowledge on food pairings for light lagers?
What's faith healing?
Does Sweden have a nice country side?
Can you help me to understand what critical race theory is?
How many ounces is 1 liter?
I have a friend getting a new puppy! Do you have any training recommendations?
How can I make designs on my clothes using bleach?
What are some good places to visit in Bandung, Indonesia?
Can anyone get a car auction license?
Are there any animals that are an in between of a cat and a dog?
What are some meaty casseroles I can make?
How can I treat a gallbladder attack?
what colour should I paint my walls if I have a grey sofa?
How do you play yahtzee?
Find the best holiday movies
How do I learn how to sew?
I'm doing a research paper on MK Ultra. What can you tell me about that?
Do you know why American's drinking age is 21 while most other western countries are 18 or 19?
I like listening to The Lonely Island. They're funny rappers. Are there any other similar artists?
What is the difference between red wine and white wine?
learn more about captain james brooke
What is a gluten free alternative to flour for making bread?
Do people who write comic books make a lot of money?
How do you stop arguments at the dinner table?
What are some interesting toppings for burgers?
Can you suggest gifts that a whiskey lover would love? Minus whiskey, though, they have plenty of that.
How do I teach a child to brush their own teeth?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
How can I protect myself from the COVID-19
How can I improve my skincare routine?
I am in a good relationship with a very devoted partner, but there is one small problem. He is not comfortable with us being apart for even short periods of time. If I try to have a little time to myself, he wonders why and becomes unhappy, suspicious and feels rejected. I want a night here and there just to be by myself of no specific reason -- just to have some alone time. How do I achieve this without upsetting him?
Hi, I would like to try my hand at making Key Lime pie. Can you give me a recipe to do that?
what are some modern tv shows about superheroes?
What do you think the chances are of nukes being used in the future?
Can you tell me the two major parties in the United States?
How do I fit in at a new workplace?
what are fun accessories to buy girls?
Can you give me an example of a decent apology letter?
Is it better the Lease a new car or to finance it to own?
I plan to go to Arizona on vacation. Have you been there?
Can you research if a certain snake is poisonous based on their physical appearance?
What is a golddigger?
Whenever I eat shrimp or lobster, my throat gets tingly. There isn't any pain, just a tingly sensation. Why is this?
I wanna write about Alexander the Great. What are things I should include?
How can I improve my public speaking skills?
My dog peed on the couch and left a stain, is there an easy way to remove it?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
What can I put on a crumpet?
What does being vegan mean?
How often should I go to church?
How do you edit a bookmark in Google Chrome?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
Disney sure seems to own a lot of media content these day.
I never go to the snow but just in case I ever find myself experiencing frostbite, how can I treat it?
Michelangelo's David, is a stunning piece of work. I had heard that it might have been carved from a single piece of marble. Do you know much about the statue and its history?
I'm trying to lower my weekly grocery bill. What are some ways to save money while grocery shopping?
How can I make myself stick to a budget?
What are some scary movies about ghosts?
Do you think NFT's will become more popular in 2022?
Do people in Italy eat a lot of Pizza?
How do I stop saying "uh" when I talk?
How can I trace a shorted wire in my car's electrical system?
How do I bowl a split in Bowling?
Where should I shop for a good motorcycle helmet?
How can I make a ramp for hot wheels?
What games can I play that are like scrabble?
I am going on vacation soon.
What is karma?
How do I invest in bitcoin?
How do loans work?
Hi, I'd like to learn to play lawn darts. Can you describe the rules of the game to me?
Can you help me make a batch of waffles?
Can you recommend a good inexpensive table wine to serve with turkey?
How can I go about creating my own religion?
Search for a turkey cobbler recipe
What is the difference between Belgian waffles and American waffles?
Can you recommend a good novel to read?
My niece is interested in astrology but she is only 7 years old. How can I teach her about the subject using simple terms?
How do you get a replacement Social Security card?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Harees?
What are some good recipes for chicken pot pie?
How can I reduce food waste?
What are the most important tools to have in a bug-out bag?
Can you walk me through a recipe for baking my own pizza?
Should I have a tv in my room?
How do you keep cooked food warm for consumption later?
Who invented tea and where was it invented?
I've stumbled on an old song, "All This Time" by Tiffany. Can you perhaps provide recommendations for similar songs?
Can you provide me with some steps on dealing with betrayal?
How do I fix a flat tire?
Is there any difference between green tea and black tea besides taste and look?
How do you solder two wires together?
How can I tell my boyfriend I love him?
Not sure what blood test results will be
What is incognito mode in Chrome?
What is the name of the majority leader of the Senate of the United States?
How do I get my drivers license in the United States
How do I ride a skateboard?
What is a lunar eclipse?
I've been invited to a potluck for the first time. I don't know what to bring. What are popular potluck dishes?
What is Google Hangouts?
I'm trying to connect with a friend who is moving overseas. I'd like to do something special before they move. Do you have any suggestions?
Should I get a cast or an operation on my broken arm?
I have been having trouble sleeping lately. Do you have any advice to help me?
I started working night shift so I have to sleep during the day. But it's noisy and bright out. What can I use to get better sleep?
Hi, I want to attend a protest that will be coming up in a few days. What should I expect to find there, what should I do to prepare, and how should I behave?
New Years Eve is coming up. What are some good traditions for a New Years Eve Party?
How much water do I need to drink every day?
What are some easy desserts my kid can take to school?
Should I let my dog sleep on the bed or put the dog in a crate overnight?
What are fun ways to announce pregnancy?
Why can't we digest gum?
Do you know of ways one can help a dog with separation anxiety?
My eyeglass frames broke the other day. Iv'e had them for about four years. Can I just get a new replacement frame and lenses, or do I need a new eye checkup exam first?
what do you know about 'the firmament'?
What does a contractor do?
Is it true that I can't swim after eating?
what are some good kinds of minivans?
Could you please provide me some information about the Spanish-American War?
My brother has a drinking problem and I'm worried about him. How can I approach him about the topic?
What would be a good musical instrument for a child of 10 to learn?
Who designed the American Flag?
What are some good PE games like red light green light?
I'm trying to think up what to give my new girlfriend for her birthday. It's my first birthday gift to her since we started dating, so I want it to be special. Do you have any suggestions?
Which is better a plastic or real Christmas tree?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chanka de Pollo?
What should you write in a letter of resignation?
Can you tell me how to visit the World Trade Center?
Can you tell me what The Wizard of Oz is about?
I'd like to offer support to a friend struggling with motivation. Any thoughts?
What are some interesting ways to prepare potatoes?
Can you tell me why dogs howl at the moon?
How do I make strawberry lemonade?
My history project is on Richard The Lion Heart. I need help.
Hello, I am trying to find out how to take care of a Chinchilla. Can you help me?
I would like to learn more about US history. What are some important moments in US history that I can read about?
Please tell me what ARPANET stands for?
Can you shed some light on how to beat the winter blues?
What are the methods in which demagogues engage in?
What crystal is closest to the diamond?
What are kid friendly musicals?
How do I block ads in my web browser?
What are the chances in getting food poisoning eating Thanksgiving dinner?
How do you remove makeup?
I've heard drag queens are pretty popular in San Francisco. Are there any famous drag queen shows that you could recommend?
What are some ways that I can get better at acting?
Can I make cotton candy at home? My kids would be very excited if I could make it at home.
How do I know if I sprained my ankle?
how can I fall asleep earlier at night
How do I practice speech with my child?
How do I make sweet potato?
How do I stop a baby from crying?
I just moved to Anchorage, Alaska in December, from Miami, Florida. What clothes do I need to buy in this new climate?
What is an easement?
I want to make wontons. I will buy the wrappers. What is the wonton filling?
Should I keep an ant farm for my kids?
Why does my lower back hurt?
Do you know how to write poetry?
I need to write a paper about a major historical event in a foreign country. I feel like writing something about China. Can you list some major events throughout history I can pick from?
Can you tell me what the best time of the year is to plant Spinach in Maryland?
I'm trying to make a proper cup of tea. Can you help?
What should I buy a kid interested in art?
Tell me a dad joke
Which type of shoes are better seniors - Velcro or regular shoe laces?
Its said that if honeybees go extinct, humanity will as well. Why do they say this?
Would you describe the major news stories as essential and important? Why, or why not?
Which programming language should I learn for game development?
Can you tell me if Gypsy Moths are native to North America?
How can I learn to do Irish Dancing?
How do you use a manual transmission?
How do you make a solid outdoor brick oven?
How do you donate blood?
Do I need an ID when buying alcohol in the United States?
Which programming language should I learn for game development?
What is a "Friendsgiving"?
I'm doing math and need help figuring out how to find the square root of a number
What age can a baby have a haircut?
What's the best order for brushing, flossing, and mouth wash?
How many branches does the US military have?
How do I keep my elbows moisturized during the winter?
Can you help me to make my own laundry detergent?
Can you explain the theory of relativity to me?
What can you cook in an air fryer?
Hi, my shoulder really hurts, and its been bothering me for a couple of weeks now. What can I do to alleviate the pain, and treat whatever's causing it so that I don't experience more of it?
I want to make Japanese curry. Do you have a recipe?
How can I learn sign language?
How can I use Twitter to promote my business?
What are good places to visit in Mexico CIty?
What are the benefits of going to church?
How do I finish a puzzle quickly?
What is Facebook Pay?
What was the name of the disease that killed off the potatoes during the irish famine?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bircher Muesli?
I moved in to a new place that has an old grill that is a bit dirty. What are some ways I can clean this?
What are the advantages of taking a cruise versus flying from place to place?
I'm travelling to Greece and need to learn a few common phrases. Can you help me?
How can I develop better public speaking skills?
How can I make a punching bag?
what are fun toys for boys to collect?
Vlad the Impaler, inspired some to write. Did Vlad ever marry, have children? What was his personal life like?
Tell me about the original cast of Saturday Night Live
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
Please buy movie tickets for tomorrow?
Can you give some examples of popular Youtubers?
What is the Midas touch?
What can I do to fix a table with uneven legs?
When I make chile rellenos, the chiles are not blackened and blistered like I wish they were. What can I do when cooking them to ensure they are blackened and blistered?
How can I teach a dog to do an agility course?
How do I roast Brazilian nuts?
I just mailed a package and I'd like to track its progress en route to its destination. Can you help walk me through that process?
How do I get rid of boils?
what are some good yellowtail seasonings?
Is Ringo Starr still recording?
Can you list the games in the Grand Theft Auto series?
Is a lizard a good pet?
What is the difference between the Fat32 file system and the NTFS system?
Who was better? The Monkees or the Beatles
Do you know the reasons as to why people love coffee so much?
What are some fun 100th day of school activities?
Are UFO's real?
What are some asian dishes using broccoli?
You know what I love? Yellowtail jalapeno. I wanna make it at home. Do you have a recipe you could provide for this particular dish?
what are some animals i might find at the beach?
How do I stay calm if I have to identify a body?
I am trying to mix some colours. What happens if I mix blue and red?
Are vaccinated people dying of Covid 19?
Did the ps4 sell more consoles than the PS3?
Can you recommend some music? I like the classical works of Tchaikovsky, and Mozart.
How do you get an Apple card?
How should I properly dispose of baby diapers?
What are some things I can make a fence out of?
At what point in history did Christianity replace all other religions in Western Europe?
I am going on vacation soon.
probably not
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pasta con le Sarde?
I need to understand what derivatives are for my calculus homework. Could you give me an example?
Are there any dangers of trampoline parks?
Is frozen yogurt better for you then ice cream?
I've been drinking a lot of coffee lately, and would like to change the drink. I've heard that tea is better for you, is it true?
I need some ideas on repurposing old magazines.
Please tell me which vehicle is often called the first muscle car?
what can i do if my kids want an allowance but i cannot afford it?
What are some gifts to buy from a kid who loves transformers?
What does it mean when people talk about mining bitcoin?
How do you keep the inside of a car from getting too hot in the summer?
What are some cool countries to visit in Asia?
How do I care for a rat?
What is a good post workout smoothie?
I'm trying to find out what a sparrow is
How often should you water a large cactus?
Is well water safe to drink?
how can my child learn about clothing design?
Can you give me a list of the most nutritious vegetable?
What can I do to reduce my risk of gum disease?
Can you tell me the difference between the civil and criminal courts in the American justice system?
What is Smithsonian Institution?
How can I sell my antiques?
I need to learn a few words in German. Can you help me?
How do I pack things when preparing to move?
How do I make scones?
What steps should I take to keep my kitchen knives sharp?
I'm having trouble getting my C+ compiler to run properly what could be wrong?
Who were The Traveling Wilbury's?
Can you tell me which paintings are painted on the northern wall of the sistine chapel?
How much longer do you think humanity has before climate change makes the world unlivable?
how can i teach a child to drive?
How often should an adult shower?
What is an IRA?
I’m moving into a new house tomorrow and need help figuring out what I should buy for the house
Is this year supposed to have an El Nino weather pattern?
I'm trying to find out what the different phases of the moon are. Can you help?
Are crows smart birds?
I really like listening to podcasts and was hoping you could give some suggestions of new podcasts to listen to
What is kraut?
Who is considered the greatest trumpet player of all time?
The winter solstice is coming up. What are some ways to traditionally celebrate this time of year?
How do you uninstall a driver in Win 10?
What are some good meats I can serve for Christmas?
Do giraffes eat meat?
How do I get rid of wine stains on the carpet?
Help me find a recipe for shepherd's pie.
I would like to learn how to whistle, can you help?
Please tell me about the former US President Bill Clinton.
How can I learn to play the piano?
What is the proportion of lemons to water when making lemonade
Are digital newspaper subscriptions worth it?
what are some good video chat platforms for team meetings/
How can I slick back my hair into a neat ponytail?
Where are the Rocky Mountains located?
How are weather forecasts made?
What is the best fitness app?
What are some good uses for vanilla extract?
How do I get my toddler interested in speaking a foreign language?
Is is true that it's possible for a planet to be made out of diamond?
What are the best options for when you are nauseous?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sayur Asem?
How do you empty the spam folder in Outlook?
What can I do to help the climate change crisis?
What is inflation and is it bad?
I've seen a moose, in a popular sitcom. I've often wondered how big they really can get, and if they shed their horns annually?
What are some good presents for a woman who does like like gifts?
A tick bit me while I was on a hike yesterday. What should I do about the wound?
What was The Holocaust?
I'm going to list some CSS properties and you tell me what said property accomplishes, okay?
What's a good song for learning to play bass guitar?
Who is Guy Fieri
What is it called Cesar salad?
Every now and then I hear about the 'Iran Contra' thing but I don't really know what it is. Can you summarize?
How can I work on my confidence?
Who is Penelope Cruz?
How do I get my four year old child to sleep in her own bed?
Why don't we have cars that get 100 MPG after all these years?
How do I make my butt perkier?
How can I make a pecan pie?
How does ruby on rails work?
Who directed the film Battle: Los Angeles?
How far can you keep driving a car after the low fuel light comes on?
What is a good exercise app?
Can a building collapse out of nowhere?
What is liver cancer?
what are the correct wiper blades for a 2010 ford raptor?
How do I do a Batman themed party?
What causes hair loss in men?
I've been impressed with Rachel Maddow as a commentator. What is her background and education?
Hey Assistant, I'm looking for some new music. Can you help?
Please compile a list of the most influential United States politicians from the years 1980-2018.
Why do people like to watch movies that scare them?
Can you tell me what types of traits to look for when choosing a good dog for an apartment setting?
What is the best way to ask my boss for a raise? I'm not really good at negotiating.
How do I paint fingernails neatly?
What is web design?
How do I find new pop music on Spotify?
Can you explain the rules of soccer to me?
I've heard that smoking cannabis, offers a different effect, than eating cannabis. Do you know much about that?
Do I need to buy whipping cream to make whipped cream, or can I just get the cream out of raw milk and use that?
I think I might get a Shih-Tzu
I have a round face. What kind of haircut is good for me? I'm a woman.
I have to teach a 7 year old about decimals. How can I explain decimals?
I want to visit New Zealand. Please tell me about it.
What are some spaghetti sauce ideas?
Hi, unfortunately I've neglected my philosophical readings. Can you suggest some books that will give me some grasp of the progress of Western philosophy, from the ancient times up to the modern day?
How do I know if a tree is dead?
Can you explain the different parts of the human eye for me?
I'm looking for resources for good mental health, can you help?
What TV show was the most popular in 2020?
What is the most difficult vegetable to grow?
what is mosaic down syndrome?
I have been having a hard time sleeping lately and I don't know how to correct the situation. I wake up during the night and can't fall back asleep or I take hours to fall asleep at night. It's very frustrating.
what do you think is going to be the next big thing
What is Ohm's law
How can I get started with coin collecting?
My wife loves oysters! Do you happen to know what kind of hot sauce flavors we should be seeking to go with oysters?
Is marijuana as harmful to your health as alcohol is?
Can you tell me a little bit about the origins of the Pashto language?
What should be done to keep fruit flies away from the kitchen?
Can you explain the basics of how a car engine works to me?
Is bicycling a good way to get exercise?
How should I reward good behavior in the classroom?
Which company invented the PlayStation 4 console?
I'm curious about the practice of cremation. For human remains. When did that practice become popular in the United States?
How do you make a hamburger?
What are some foods using tomatoes?
I want to learn more about wrist watch history. Do you know who invented the first wrist watch?
I'm getting ready for a roadtrip. What kinds of things should I do to prepare before I leave?
How can I make my own chocolate?
how do I calculate 20% of 1,000?
How can I find out if I am eligible for college financial aid?
How can I thaw frozen meat in a safe manner?
Do cats on average live longer than dogs?
What is a bicameral legislature?
I'd like to help a friend who's having problems with his math classes at school. Do you have help to offer?
How do I get a renters insurance plan, if it is required by my apartment lease?
Can you give me some advice for getting over a break up?
How do I drain a cyst?
What time of the year do caterpillars turn into butterflies?
Is it possible to train yourself to jump higher? If so, how?
How can I reduce my alcohol consumption?
How do you put a computer into sleep mode?
Where are Ford cars made? What country?
What does the tomb of the unknown soldier mean?
I am watching a horse for a friend of mine while she is on vacation for two weeks. What should I do to make sure the horse is taken care of and comfortable while I am there?
Can you explain the use of the Oxford comma to me?
I want to know what purpose parentheses serve in an algebraic operation
How do I take care of a lawn?
I got a moving violation recently for speeding. Can you guide me through the process of paying a speeding ticket in Arlington, VA?
What is a Purple-K fire extinguisher?
What forms do I need to file my taxes?
How do I encourage a baby to roll over?
What are some ointments i can put on a baby with a congested chest?
Which foods should I eat to gain weight?
Can you help me find music similar to Ludovico Einaudi piano music?
How can a US citizen move to and retire in Mexico?
Which year did the Civil War start in America?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Ful Medames?
How do I prune a tree?
How are dread locks braided?
how many square mile is Lake Michigan
I used to like to watch Seinfeld. What else might I like?
How long has the process of veneering been around for?
I wonder if a daily cup of coffee, is healthier overall, than avoiding coffee all together?
I'm going to Finland and need to learn destination terms.
I want to paint my kitchen cabinets.
What are some methods I can use to help with my social anxiety?
How many native tribes exist in Africa?
enter into an online school; and want to find a good one
What is an accessible dwelling unit
Should I move to San francisco?
What are some good classical music composers?
I recently watched the biopic VICE. Do you have any suggestions for movies based on that movie?
What time of the year is it best to plant eggplants in my Maryland garden?
What are some instruments I should pick up if I want to learn jazz music?
What is intermittent fasting?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Tabouna Bread?
What are some cardio machines I can buy for home?
When is the best time to get married?
What can you tell me about mountain lions?
How do you make the base for a cream soup?
Where is the Mason-Dixon line?
How do I paint glass jars?
Can you give some examples of German automakers?
Does PayPal do money transfers on the weekends?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pasta con le Sarde?
Hey Assistant, do you know Aesop's Fables?
Is the zoo a good family trip?
How do you get a marriage license?
What kind of socks do you think would keep my feet most warm
I was thinking about making some apple pie today, but it sure has a lot of carbs and sugar. I wonder what are some healthy ways to make an apple pie, healthier?
help me explain addition to my 5 year old.
How do I train to become a boxer?
What's the difference between sweet potatoes and regular potatoes?
How do I encourage a baby to roll over?
How can I keep my dark clothes from fading when I wash them?
Parrots seem like interesting pets. I wonder if they've studied their intelligence levels much?
How do I make mashed potatoes with real potatoes?
What do I use bear spray for?
How can I get my kids more interested in sports?
What are some good martial arts for elderly?
I have to teach someone how to round whole numbers. Can you describe the steps of how to round whole numbers?
How do I make pumpkin puree from fresh pumpkins?
Can you help me understand what geocaching is?
It was suggested to me that before drafting an essay, I should prewrite. Can you guide me as to what prewriting entails?
How do I pick out my signature perfume scent?
What are some places you can visit in the USA that have historic significance?
How does pedialyte help?
What do you do when your pipes freeze at home?
Is the California Condor making a comeback?
I'm thinking about doing a skydive, do you recommend it?
Can I exercise if I am pregnant?
Can you explain what hypermiling is?
When did man first hunt with spear?
Should you get your child vaccinated for HPV?
John Gray wrote a book called "Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus." It was pretty popular. Do you know the basic theory behind it?
Can you tell me the best time to do holiday shopping in order to get the best deals?
What should I look for in auto insurance?
I recently broke up with my partner and I am feeling low, any advice you can give me?
How can I make homemade ice cream?
Do you have a recipe for pumpkin pie made from a pumpkin, not from canned pumpkin?
I have always been curious about how the internet works. Can you tell me how?
It is my first winter in my new home and I am getting ready to winterize it. What steps do I need to take to make sure that my new home is not damaged by the cold weather and snow?
What is Goop?
I'd like to buy an eReader, but I don't know which to get. Do you have any recommendations?
Hi! I'm trying to help my second-grader with their English homework and they are studying the "-it family". Do you have any suggestions on how I can help my child remember the words in this family?
I want to know about Kim Jong Un. Who is he?
I have a lawsuit against a company and want to get some documentation from them. I know I need to file a subpoena but I don't know anything about that process. Can you tell me about subpoenas?
I'm trying to get my friend to open up
How do I ship a child's bike across the country?
I'm trying to teach my new puppy to bark on command. Do you have any tips that could help me with this process?
Can you help me say "Happy Birthday" in different languages?
what are some ideas for things my child can hand out on valentine's day to classmates?
I have a Padres baseball hat I wanna clean but I have heard to not toss it in the laundry. Do you know ways to clean baseball hats?
I smelled something really bad today. What makes skunks smell the way they do?
How can I exercise in a pool?
How many flavors of Oreos are there
How did Elon Musk get so much money?
What is the minimum wage in Mississippi?
What are some interesting salty breads I can make in my bread machine?
Who will probably win the Super Bowl this year
How can I treat my pet dog to be nicer to strangers
Where are some good places to learn to surf?
Is Atari still in operation?
Is meat harmful or helpful to health?
How can I test my internet speed?
Does cheese need to age before it tastes good?
I am interested in gothic fiction. Can you describe to me what gothic fiction is about?
What are some of the best silent movies?
How do I become a police officer?
Can you tell me if American Airlines charges for checked bags?
Is well water safe to drink?
Search for an artichoke dip recipe.
Are alkaline or lithium batteries better?
How do you use a tea diffuser?
Can you tell me how to find the correct tire pressure for my tires?
Is it possible to replicate McDonalds french fries at home?
Why, if there are registered democrats than republicans, does the GOP keep winning control of Govenrment?
What is Bauhaus?
How can I ask my crush out?
I’m looking for a new rap artist. Do you have any recommendations?
I'm 12 and want to convince my parents to let me use makeup.
What is a CT scan?
I'm travelling to Hungary and would like to learn some common terms in the language.
Does dream feeding really work?
How do you get rid of spiders?
Hi, I want to familiarize myself with the influential soft rock and psychedelic sound of the Moody Blues. Can you make some playlist suggestions for their most influential and popular songs, so I can get a good overview of their work?
How do I do a Batman themed party?
How do I stop peeling lips?
I want to learn the history of USSR. Can you help me?
Do you have a recipe for how to make a turkish coffee?
What is the end of the phrase 'when life gives you lemons..'?
What side dishes should I make with steak?
Why can't you buy any new 3 wheeled off road vehicles anymore?
Can you tell me any recent movies by the actor Adam Sandler that have grossed over 100 million at the box office?
Parrots seem like interesting pets. I wonder if they've studied their intelligence levels much?
How do I learn to type without looking?
I heard that the banana that the artificial banana flavoring is modeled on is extinct, is that true?
What should I wear to a bridal shower?
What are relational databases?
How do I make my own homeschool curriculum?
How do I make rocky road ice cream?
In Texas, can you really just walk into a store and walk out with a gun?
I eat oatmeal almost every morning, but I'm getting a little bored of it. What are some good toppings or additions?
Should you get spare keys made for the car?
How many bones are in my right hand?
How can I make suede soft again?
I'm reading about the Kingdom of Kush. It says that eventually the kingdom falls. Can you describe to me why the Kingdom of Kush fell?
what are the signs of down syndrome?
What is the longest running Broadway show?
Are bugs warm or cold blooded?
Do we really need to do daylight savings time anymore? Some states don't have it, like Arizona.
How do you find your ancestry?
Can you give me some information about the life of charles dickens?
How can I become a graphic designer?
It's the festive times and I am in the mood for a festive drink! I am fine with either an alcoholic or non alcoholic beverage, as long as it is festive. Do you have any ideas of how I can make such a drink, or a recipe for one?
How do I dress like a cowboy?
How do I spread the words that I'm looking for a missing dog?
How can I organize all my clothes?
I'm an adult and wetting the bed. Help!
Do aliens exist?
What is Multiple Sclerosis?
How do I find a good church?
How do I make a paper airplane?
I don
Find Erica Elianiak films
How do I learn to read maps?
Is AAA worth the cost?
How do you use a measuring cup correctly with dry ingredients like flour?
I had a cavity the last time I went to the dentist, and I'd like to know what foods to avoid in the future to help my dental health.
c
I'd like to find some "true crime" investigative podcasts to listen to. I've already heard Serial, My Favorite Murder and a few others. Do you have any recommendations?
What is macular degeneration?
When did McDonald's open?
What is the most popular food in Holland?
How can I clean my headlights?
I'd like to learn more about Thanksgiving. For starters, what day is Thanksgiving on?
Can you help me pick a movie to watch tonight?
Is it bad for you to smoke cigarettes?
How do I get a magazine article published?
Hi! I'm looking for more gluten free recipes but I have no idea where to start. Can you help me?
I have been lightheaded and dizzy for a week straight. What could be causing this?
How far out do seagulls get from land?
Any tips on how to improve energy level in the afternoon?
How do I know whether a new dog will get along with my cat?
How do dogs get heartworm?
Can you tell me about Amazon's logistics and supply chain that makes their shipping so efficient?
What is polenta?
Why do the police dress like they are soldiers in USA now?
Why are people racist?
Can you tell me which recent shows, in the past 10 years, are similar to the Twilight Zone?
Can you provide me a recipe for making peanut butter fudge?
How do you take care of and clean a pair of leather boots?
I'm having car troubles. When I start the car, even if it's been running for a while, the heater doesn't put out any heat.
I'm getting a new pet hamster and I need some information.
Robin Williams was great in the movie Good Will Hunting. I'm curious if they received awards for that film?
What are some of the healthiest fruits to add to a smoothie?
I would like to know a bit of history regarding WW2 for a blog I am writing. Can you help?
who are some good renaissance painters?
How do you sanitize a kitchen counter after prepping and cooking?
Why do people cut their bird's feathers?
How can I be safe purchasing cryptocurrency
American Airlines AAdvantage Program?
How do you make homemade doughnuts?
What can you tell me about Ghandi?
I'm looking for a personalized gift for my friend for his graduation. What are some good personalized gifts I can buy?
When your throat is scratchy, what's the best cure herbally?
How do I make a Vietnamese sandwich?
How do you differentiate recyclable plastic from the non-recyclable one?
What do you know about reiki healing?
Mala beads are so pretty, but I don't know how they're used for meditation. Can you explain it to me?
How do you play poker?
Is Myanmar safe place to take a vacation?
How long should you weight train a day?
Please tell me the nutrients in bananas.
How do you signal for help in the wild?
Can you recommend some vegetarian dishes that use tofu?
What are some good action games for the Playstation 4?
what is the cheapest state to live in?
Who is a better tennis player, Venus or Serena?
how can i stay awake while driving at night?
How can I dispose of a dead body?
Figure out what the top five spoken languages in the US are.
What country has the highest age of retirement?
How can I fix my broken tv screen
Can the Police shoot and kill looters?
what do i do if i find a bat in my house?
What are some things that I can add to a healthy smoothie?
When was particle board first invented?
I'm going to France and need to learn some produce-related words in the language.
What can I make a lampshade out of?
Can I make grilled cheese sandwiches on a pan?
What are some good Pixar films?
Hi, my English teacher recommends I familiarize myself with the work of Kurt Vonnegut. Can you give me an overview of his career, and recommend some of his best stuff so that I can get a decent view of his body of work?
Why am I not as hungry in my 40s
Does hard liquor get better with age?
Have they rebuilt the twin towers?
How does chewing tobacco give you cancer?
How can I get a local business license to sell plants?
My husband just divorced me. How can I get over my broken heart?
What are some good things to eat on saltines?
I don't know if I should break up with my boyfriend. Can you help me?
War and Peace by Tolstoy is a classic piece of literature. It's quite a complex plot. Do you know some of the gist of what the book is about?
I'm going out to a party tonight, and they will be discussing renewable energy. What can you tell me?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
Do you have any tips for how I can get good photographs of the moon?
Hi, I want to work on my back muscles, and I hear barbell bent over rows are great for that. Can you explain how to do one?
I don't know if I should put more money into stock market now or not
what are the pros and cons of marijuana use?
I need help finding a new TV show to watch
Search for best Rob Lowe movies
Why do cat pupil just have a slit instead of being round?
Can you tell me how best to care for a lavender plant?
What are simple ways to build upper body strength?
What is a good first car for a teen
Can you help me help someone have an easier time get up in the morning?
Who is Penelope Cruz?
How do I decide on a cell phone provider?
My son has just gone away to college in another country and I am missing him so much already. Any advice?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Berner platte?
How do I learn how to tell jokes?
Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton collaborated on a few top 10 hits. Can you remember a few?
I want to know the history of the Constitution. Do you think you can help me?
How do I decide which child should put the star on the Christmas tree?
Can you summarize this article for me? https://www.facinghistory.org/resource-library/my-part-story/shifting-demographics-united-states
what are some ways to prepare salmon?
how do i decide how many kids to have?
How can I protect myself from people taking advantage of me?
Do you know the real name of the popular Youtuber PewDiePie?
Can you explain to me the steps of photosynthesis?
What place in the USA has all of the seasons?
I want to know some things that the Victorians did that we would think are unusual. Can you help/
I would like to start a band how would I do that?
How do I save money on groceries? I want to spend less money per month on them
Can you write a poem to cheer my friend up?
I'd like to buy some scented candles, but I don't know what sort of candles they make candles with. Can you list them for me?
I'm taking a trip to Venice, Italy. Can you tell me the popular landmarks and attractions?
I’m moving into a new house tomorrow and need help figuring out what I should buy for the house
How do I apply for a K1 visa?
What's the best way to get a grass stain out of jeans?
What are some movies with Julia Roberts?
How do I calm my stomach when I'm nervous?
I'm trying to get my friend to open up
How do you make potato salad?
Why are there differences types of glasses for different types of wine?
So I just moved to a place that has a lake nearby, I have never been fishing but having the lake near me now has me wanting to try fishing as a new relaxing hobby. What are some basic things I will need to get started?
I am looking to purchase a new speaker system for my car. Can you compile a list of some of the top car speaker brands for me?
How should I react if a bear attacks me in the woods?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Liberian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Palava?
How do I learn how to paint a landscape?
how can i interpret the bible better?
I want to become more self aware. Do you know what strategies exist that can aid in becoming self aware?
Why are gas prices so high?
Why are there so many different kinds of USB plugs?
I'm looking for new music, based on what I already like. Can you help me?
I just got a pool and want to throw a pool party. Can you give me tips?
How do I tell my kid not to lie?
How do I make a bow out of ribbon?
Why are gas prices so high?
What stops the sniffles
How can I speed up my metabolism?
How can I improve my negotiation skills?
Can you recommend some music? I like the classical works of Tchaikovsky, and Mozart.
How do I become less shy about introducing myself to others?
I'm planning a trip to Finland. Can you check on the flight schedule from Washington, DC to Helsinki?
What is the biggest fish in the sea
What is United Nations?
I like hot dogs sometimes, but they don't seem healthy. Do doctors recommend eating hot dogs?
What is pilates?
Can you tell me how to enter the Tour de France?
My girlfriend wants to be able to keep her tan looking good through the winter months. How can she go about doing that?
How many miles is it to cross the entire globe in a straight line?
how do i teach a child to have better balance?
How can I get rid of gallstones?
What are things I can use to cook spam?
Should you straighten your hair?
What's a good substitute for eggs in a cake recipe
I'd like to start a pretty small home garden. What kind of fruits or veggies would be suitable?
How do you make chocolate chip cookies
what are some different kinds of cheese fondue?
What should I look for when selecting fresh produce?
What do I use bear spray for?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for milanesa?
How do I find constellations?
What caused world war 2?
I'd like to try making some Mexican food but I've never done it before. What dish would you recommend for a beginner?
Can you tell me of uncommon ice cream and food pairings that are tasty?
How do you treat a pulled muscle?
How can I merge on the highway without stopping?
Can anyone whitewater raft?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pecora in cappotto?
What is the best way to cook bacon?
My brother has a drinking problem and I'm worried about him. How can I approach him about the topic?
I want to get into a new yoga style. I'm thinking about Ashtanga yoga, can you tell me more about it?
I'm a new homeowner and want to get a basic toolbox to keep at my house. What are some basic and essential tools?
I love the paintings of Water Lilies by Monet. What is the largest one he ever produced I wonder? They could get pretty big, the canvases.
I wanna learn how to crochet?
What is the best way to go about increasing you VO2 Max?
Can you help me say "I don't eat meat" in a few different languages?
Is the Friday after Thanksgiving a good day to go Christmas shopping?
What are some funny movies about the paranormal?
What is the most common eye color?
I would like to learn how to make my own pizza dough at home.
How can a company like the tobacco industry get away with selling such an addictive product that causes cancer?
I'd like to dye my hair fun colors, but I don't know what I need to buy to dye my hair safely. What tools or products do I need?
how do i get a baby to smile at me?
What do I do if I forgot my husband's birthday? He is really sad.
Can you help me decide what type of Christmas tree I should get?
How much water should a person drink every day to feel the best?
I'm having lower back problems. Can you help me either diagnose what's wrong or suggest a way to alleviate the pain?
I'm retiring at the end of the year, how do I apply for social security?
I've been reading that chiropractic work is basically a pseudoscience similar to acupuncture. Do you have any opinions on this?
What kind of light bulb will give me the biggest saving in energy cost?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
How can I talk like a newscaster?
I'm thinking about building a garden in my back yard. Can you help with some tips and recommendations?
What is twitch.tv ?
what are some good video chat platforms for team meetings/
What's a good way to display a toy car collection?
What kind of schooling, if any, is required to be a chef. I feel like that is something you can just learn to do on your own.
What is a good way to organize toys?
When is Mars expected to be colonized by?
What does a full scholarship mean?
Sometimes I am impulsive on some things. Do you know of any strategies that can help stop being impulsive?
I want to go to New Zealand on vacation. Any suggestions on what to see?
What is the best way to get a coffee stain off clothing?
Can you explain how 3D printing works?
Where did the original stuffed teddy bear originate?
Search for a raspberry cheesecake recipe
How can you get more magnesium in your diet?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicharrón de Pescado?
How do I make thumbprint cookies?
what are some places i can visit in detroit?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
What are some good flavors of cheesecakes?
Should I buy a used car or a new one?
How do they celebrate Christmas in Holland?
Do you know why we haven't gone to the moon again? The US went there a couple times and that was it.
Can you explain how the electoral college works in regard to electing the president of the United States?
How do you differentiate recyclable plastic from the non-recyclable one?
How often should an adult shower?
Is there a way to remove small scratches from the lenses of my glasses?
Search for a cranberry waffle recipe
What rope thickness do I need for mountain climbing?
I’m looking to start meal prepping but don’t know where to start
Can you help me write the abstract for a grant proposal? The goals of the proposal are: I would start by applying safety research to uses of language models that are increasingly complicated over time. For a given application, the first step will be working on a research prototype. After demonstrating success, the goal will be to collaborate with product teams to assess feasibility offline before running experiments with that product. I envision applying a number of safety techniques to practical problems, including debate, fine-tuning language models with reinforcement learning from human or automated feedback, adversarial training, specialized classification language models (e.g., for inconsistency, subjectivity, illogical arguments, or evasiveness) that can be fine-tuned with supervised learning, conversational simulators, explicit models of user value to improve alignment and improved robustness techniques. I propose starting with more limited scope language tasks that should be easier to work with, while allowing for improvements to commercial products in the near term. For any of these tasks, there will be iterations on translating tasks into a form that can produce results in collaboration with safety researchers. In many of these, it would be valuable to apply specialized models to identify inconsistencies, incorrect arguments, falsehoods, subjective results, toxic language, unfair bias, or manipulation. These models can also be used to provide automated feedback, supplementing feedback based on ground truth answers. * Intent detection - this is used in mainstream conversational agents today to understand a user’s goals to direct a predefined conversation flow * Summarization - converting documents into shorter summaries would be very useful (especially if the results are more reliable than what has been possible to date). * Document relevance - allowing users to explicitly state what information they are looking for - this task is about finding semantically relevant documents * Generating descriptions,
I have never had a passport before. What us the process of getting one like?
How fast in miles per hour does the Earth rotate?
Can you explain the process of making butter to me?
I'm trying to figure out how to best train an AI assistant. How should I go about doing that?
What are hot dogs made out of?
Now I am seeing parents complaining about their kids having to wear masks to school. Why is it such a big deal to them?
How do I decide between getting a cat or a dog?
Can you help recommend a good crime TV show?
What are some attractions on native american reservations that I should visit?
Can you help me make a sheet pan dinner?
Is there anything to see around Phoenix? I have a business meeting there but I will have two days off afterward.
I have had a chronic cough for a month now. Should I be concerned?
Do diabetics need their toenails clipped by a podiatrist?
How do I reset a cable modem?
what do you know about 'the firmament'?
How should I introduce my dog to new pets?
Soon I have to consider sending my son to school, and wondered what you thought about home-schooling?
What should you eat after wisdom tooth surgery?
What is a trust fund?
Do dogs and cats see the same way? I know humans see different than cats.
Can you explain what cosplay means?
How do you use a spellchecker?
What does a notary do?
what is a good country in the middle east to visit?
What should I do if I feel slightly lightheaded after standing up?
Can you help me find a show on Hulu that is a adult comedy cartoon like South Park?
How can I treat bronchitis?
How does a VPN work?
How can I make my elbows less dry and rough?
I’m trying to find a way to sleep better
What are some fun star wars costumes?
What's the point of countries having national anthems?
My local grocery store is selling some discounted burritos that have a "use by" date of last week. Are these items safe to eat?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lapin aux Pruneaux?
My only child is starting Kindergarten. I'm feeling sad about him growing up.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Maamoul?
I'm feeling a little funny right now. Can you help me figure out what's going on?
When was the Snickers bar first made?
How often should I buy a new pillow?
What does a psychologist do?
When was the first gun created?
How do you make the sauce for sweet and sour chicken?
Which bands are similar to Eluveitie?
how can i make a doll house for a boy?
I'm looking to buy my first home. Can you tell me about the different types of mortgages?
Holiday time is around the corner. What are some of the most popular Christmas albums out there?
How can I make a piping bag?
I am looking for a job and having troubles finding one. What is a good field that doesn’t require a college degree?
I am almost halfway through paying off my mortgage and the house opposite mine has come up for sale. Do you think the bank will grant me a second mortgage to buy this home, primarily for a rental property?
How do I bleach a weave?
How do I squeeze blackheads out of my pores?
What year was the first McDonalds open to the public?
How can I make my own whip cream?
We'd like to get a pet for our family, but we're not sure which kind of animal to get. Can you help?
I'm trying to find old iPod Shuffles to buy for my collection. Where can I look to purchase these out of production devices?
What's the average temperature for November in Salt Lake City?
What are some colorful birds I might be able to sport in the Sonoran desert?
If I like Kanye West, which movie will I love?
What should you do for knee arthritis pain?
If there is blood in the poo what is wrong?
WHo is Colin Kaepernick
How do you do a proper sit-up?
What time of the year do caterpillars turn into butterflies?
How do I keep my eyebrows neat?
I want to learn about planets in our solar system. Can you help me?
Hi, I'd like to make myself a whiskey sour. Can you give me a recipe for mixing it?
How long do Timex watch batteries last?
How do I make sure I get all the vitamins I need?
Hi, I want to play Icewind Dale on my Windows 10 computer, but I keep getting errors after I install it, and the game won't open. What can I do to fix this?
What are some funny movies for kids?
What's the best way to get a grass stain out of jeans?
Can you explain the process of making butter to me?
I want to know what was Mao Zedong famous for.
I need to learn some common food terms in Spanish.
There is a huge buildup of ice in my freezer. Why is this happening?
what can i get for a two year old girl for her birthday who loves barbies?
What are the steps for getting flea shots for my dog?
Do men and women really think differently?
Hello, I am trying to find out who the original Phantom of the Opera was on Broadway in NYC. Can you help?
How can I overcome my fear of needles?
What are the benefits of reading the Bible?
How can I exercise more when working at a desk?
How do singers become famous?
How do you do a reverse image search?
Do people make a living as a professional triangle player in an orchestra? Like the cowbell, but a triangle of metal, hit with a metal bar.
Why don't more people want Universal Healthcare in the US?
Is Serena Williams arguably the best women's tennis player of all time?
Can you tell me what kind of plants are good to keep inside the home?
How much should you save in an emergency fund?
Can you wear a knee brace all day?
What are some recipes using M&Ms?
What items should I keep in my wallet?
What are ways to support women go have misogynistic family members?
What alcoholic drink is healthier: vodka, beer or wine?
Can you use Crazy Glue to fix a chipped fingernail?
I am writing a report about some of the star players in the Negro Leagues. Are there any players you can think of?
What can you eat after wisdom tooth surgery?
How do I make a pizza from scratch?
What is karma?
Do they make flavors from beaver butts?
I want to play basket ball but would like to know what skills do I need to have?
Are Cane toads native to the united states?
Can I check out books from the library online?
How hot is the surface of the Sun?
How can I slick back my hair into a neat ponytail?
How long does it take to drive to New York from Dallas?
What should I do if my coworker is hitting on me?
Is a physician assistant a good career?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Tabouna Bread?
The ice in my freezer has an off taste and I don't like to use it. Do you know of any tips that can help keep ice fresh?
My friend's birthday is next week and I'm trying to figure out the perfect present for him. What would you suggest?
What should you eat after getting a tooth pulled?
What is the best use SEO?
Do you know of a recipe for cilantro lime rice?
How do I improve cursive?
How can I tell the difference between a bluray disc and a dvd disc?
Can you describe the steps or rules of adding decimals
What are some things i can add to mac and cheese?
what states in the us grow lemons?
I'm an adult and wetting the bed. Help!
Can you suggest some new music for me to listen to?
What is meteorology the study of?
I'm thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet soon, can you go over some general care information?
Hi, I hear dumbbell flies are a good chest exercise. Can you describe how to perform one?
what is the worlds record for the long jump
How can I volunteer in a pet shelter?
Does Hershey's factory have tours?
Would you be able to provide me information on making a vegan friendly pizza?
How does GasBuddy help you save money?
How do I make a gluten-free cheesecake?
How can I take care of a butterfly with a broken wing?
Could you tell me the process of making homemade lemonade?
How do I get a Christmas cactus to bloom?
How old do you have to be to join the military in the USA?
If I can only afford one streaming service, which one is the best?
Why do people use VPNs
What can I do with leftover coffee grounds?
How can I cook food while camping?
Where are some places I can go dancing in Nashville Tennessee?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ají de Fideo?
I am in an all-hands meeting and I want a good question for people to answer if we go around in a circle. What could I ask?
How do you start a fire in a fireplace?
How can I get my girlfriend to cook more?
What is the highest credit score?
What is the most popular girl's name?
What is Instacart?
What clothing can prevent heat loss when working outdoor during winter?
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
If I get super glue on clothing, is there any way to remove it?
it is possible to make homemade slipcovers for my old couches?
Can you teach me how to make homemade lemonade? I want to be able to teach my son this recipe.
What kind of tea is popular among the British?
I'm having a problem with mould in my house. Can you recommend a good way to get rid of it?
I want to know what I can use dishwasher tablets to clean other than dishes. Can you tell me?
I want to grow my own vegetables at home. Is it possible to do this in the winter? Maybe in my house?
How does home insurance work?
I'm going to Russia and need to learn some common words
How can I keep going when I feel like a failure?
I'm writing a paper about ancient English poetry, and would like to know about some resources for conducting research.
When it comes to overall satisfaction, I wonder which computer brands, have the best reputation? Sony seems to be one.
I'm traveling to Delaware soon from Maryland. Can you tell me how long that will take if I drive by car?
When will automated driving be widespread?
What are pros and cons of kids using crocs?
Can you tell me the price difference of buying tickets to Disneyland presale instead of at the park?
What are some kinds of Italian rice I can make?
What does a veterinary technician do?
what are the pros and cons of a water pik?
Can you tell me the story of The Phantom of the Opera?
Is Snap-On a good tool brand?
Can you give us an icebreaker question?
What are the most famous songs, known for Gregorian chant? I know the style generally, but do they have hits?
Are there laptops that won't go bad in jungles?
What's the deal with all the inflation the news is talking about recently?
Haven't heard from the band AC/DC in ages. What are a few of their big hits?
Find a shrimp scampi recipe
How do I get a learners permit for driving a vehicle in the US?
How do you remove a detachable magazine from a rifle ?
Do you think you can help me learn how to make my own ice cream at home?
how many oceans are in the world
My friend makes it a habit of routinely borrowing money from me. To be fair, he always pays it back and I can afford to loan it to him without causing me any pain really. But I just resent it sometimes that it seems to have become a habit. Am I being selfish?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Uruguayan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gnocchi?
I want to make Kung Pao chicken. Do you know what is it?
How an I patch up a hole in a shirt?
I told you earlier that I was planning to visit Washington, D.C. Other than the three historical building that you suggested that I visited, what other tourists attractions would you suggest?
Me and my girlfriend will celebrate our anniversary soon and I can't think of what I should do to celebrate it, can you help me?
What is a good way to approach someone about money they owe you?
Hey! I have some friends who only wash their hair once or twice a week. I hear that this is better for my overall hair health but my hair only stays looking good for 1-2 days and then it looks greasy and dried out. Is there any strategies you have for me to keep my hair healthier between washes?
Why did it take so long after the civil war to get rid of segregation?
Can you tell me more about Hannukah?
What music app would you recommend for a good range of music?
I'd like to sign up for Amazon Prime but I don't know how to navigate the website. Can you help me get started?
Hello, I'm trying to find out about Partridge Trees
Can you detail out the intentions of the California consumer privacy act?
I have trouble sleeping because of restless leg syndrome. Can you help me understand it a little better?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Goraasa be Dama?
I want to buy a sports car. Which ones are the best?
What are some artists I might like if I like Michael Jackson?
Is a dirt bike hard to learn to ride?
How can I serve bananas?
Who is Patrick Leahy?
gta was release on what date
Hello. I was thinking about improving the performance of my computer at home, but I am not very tech savvy. What are some easy ways to make my PC run better?
Who is O.J. Simpson?
Can you teach me ways to curl my hair without using a curling iron?
how much should i drink at an office party?
What is the main reason that people get divorced?
What are the differences between houses made of wood and houses made of brick?
How do you improve work life balance?
Are you familiar with the DSM-5?
Do you have to drink 8 glasses of water a day?
i want to know how pearls are formed. Can you help me?
How do I write a Christmas letter?
I'm trying to stretch more. Can you recommend any beginner stretches?
How are coffee beans processed to make the drink?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Samaki?
I'm visiting London for the first time. Can you suggest any popular tourist attractions or landmarks?
When did Americans land on the moon for the first time?
Where will the next Olympics be held?
What are some foods I can put zucchini in?
Why do the police dress like they are soldiers in USA now?
What was New York's hottest recorded temperature ever?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Caldo de Gallina Criolla?
How do you make the perfect scrambled eggs?
I want to become a requester on Mturk platform. How do I go about it?
How do corals get food?
Is it harder to send a women to the moon than it is a man?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baingan Bharta?
What are some alternatives to ham for Christmas?
What are some common interview questions that I might be asked?
What are some good Mexican beers?
How do I make shell pasta?
Is it safe to go to Las Vegas for vacation? Seems a bit concerning these days, with masks and vaccines and the like.
What is the biggest cruise liner in operation?
WHat can I do about the stray cat in my yard
How long should you defrost a turkey?
Of things that get stolen and the police are called, how likely is it you will get the stolen item returned to you?
Do most stores close later than normal on Black Friday?
How do I take care of succulent plants?
What can I do on the beach if I don't want to swim?
What is the right way to wear wedding rings?
Do you know why the Mcdonalds ice cream machine is always down or not working? This has been a complaint from the public for years.
What are some alternatives to canola oil?
Approximately how many galaxies are in the universe?
Can you tell me how to get on the ballot as a presidential candidate?
Have most places of worship reopened since COVID-19?
What was the most popular game for the Super Nintendo console?
Where is the Holiday in Dixie festival held?
Can you explain what it means to be a Free Agent in Major League Baseball?
Who is the Pioneer Woman?
My boyfriend has requested chowder for dinner. What is a chowder-type soup?
What is the process for trial of a new drug?
Hi, I've decided to start raising chickens for meat, and eggs. Can you tell me what I'll need to purchase, and what steps I'll need to take, to be successful in this endeavor?
How do I find the leak in an air mattress?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shengjian Mantou?
Should I go to Bora Bora or Hawaii?
How do I get rid of underarm fat?
Why do people get tattoo's?
How can you tell accurately when a piece of meat is done cooking?
How can I train myself to run longer distances?
Is Tesla merging with SolarCity Corp.?
How old do kids need to be before they don't need child car seats anymore?
Why are they using private rockets to get into space now?
I've been impressed with Rachel Maddow as a commentator. What is her background and education?
Can people install different operating systems on Apple computers like they can on PCs?
how do i learn to scuba?
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
what was the first year that the toyota corolla was made?
Which number president was Donald Trump?
How do I get vines off my house?
Any good music sites to hear my songs?
What's an effective way to clean algae off vinyl sidings?
What's a good energy drink with 300mg of caffeine?
I want to break up with my boyfriend. How can I do that without hurting his feelings?
I would like to start learning the dutch language. Can you give me some advice on where I should begin?
Can you share some information about Theodore Roosevelt with me?
I'm trying to get my mom a birthday present but I don't know what to get her
I'm trying to have better dental hygiene. Can you tell me what are the benefits of flossing?
Should I tip the UPS driver?
Can you name the Japanese game developer who works for Nintendo and is consider the father of the Mario franchise?
Which is better a plastic or real Christmas tree?
How do I change a flat on my car?
What is the best food delivery app?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bircher Muesli?
What is the most plausible answer for why ships disappear in the bermuda triangle?
Should I get a rabbit or a cat?
How do you make your own bacon?
Find songs by Pink
What are some of the most popular Chinese foods or dishes?
What are some things I should know about fostering a pet?
Can you tell me how to winter my Gallardia plant?
I would like to know the difference between was is considered fact and reasoned judgment
Hi, I'm interested in learning how to bowl. Can you explain the rules of the game to me, and maybe give me some tips on how to start playing without embarrassing myself?
What is a vegan
Can you tell me why Chocolate is bad for dogs?
What are ways to help treat and ease the pain of an ear infection?
What do I need to start a podcast?
Trace Adkins seems a curious singer. His song about lights was great. Know his hits?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Liberian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Palm Butter Soup?
Search for best Rob Lowe movies
Who is Donald Trump?
How do I treat salmonella poisoning?
how can i make my own lures?
How do you write a resume?
What can people learn from failure?
I'm trying to find Venus in the sky, which direction should I look?
How do you get a scholarship?
How do I learn to run long distances, to improve my endurance?
Why do I see some houses with really steep roofs and some that are almost flat?
there seems to be a huge decline in pubs in England. why is that?
Is the phonics method useful for learning to read?
How does a chiropractor help you?
What are some kinds of poetry I can teach a child to write?
I was thinking of losing some weight and I wanted to know how long does it take to lose 50 pounds?
What are some of the best podcasts to listen to?
How do I get rid of lice naturally?
What should you do if you think the kids have lice?
Is diet soda bad for you?
Is it true the US has territory that isn't part of the 50 states?
I'm going to Russia and need to learn some common words
Hi, I have to find the perimeter of an octagon for my math class. Can you explain how to do that?
Can you name the person who successfully sued Gawker Media in 2013?
Can you describe how cavities are caused?
Would it be possible to have a Raven as a pet bird?
What can I do to help my company become more environmentally conscientious?
Can you share some information about Theodore Roosevelt with me?
I'm trying to get inspired to workout and I want to put together a workout playlist. Do you have any suggestions?
Is it important to get plenty of vitamins in your diet, and how best to go about this?
How do I squeeze fresh orange juice?
What can you see in Italy as a tourist?
How do I build my dropshipping store? I have it set up to launch and products, and I've even made some tiktoks to advertise my content but I'm new to this and I don't have any orders yet
How can I comfort my daughter? Her sister left for college and she misses her terribly.
I will be traveling from Dallas to Phoenix via New Mexico. I want to stay in New Mexico for two full days.
I am looking for some older music to listen to. What were some of the popular music artists from the 1960s?
Do you know any tips and tricks for solving crossword puzzles?
How are golf balls made?
What are some cool Disney Villains?
If I like Phoebe Bridgers, what other artists should I listen to?
Where is the best place to watch a trial on live TV?
Search for a muesli recipe
I want to propose to my girl friend, what do I need to know about selecting a ring?
I bought some tonkatsu sauce but don't know what to use it for. Can you tell me what food I would use it for?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pepperpot?
How can I make a pillow out of a shirt?
Have most places of worship reopened since COVID-19?
My son wants to dress up as a superhero for Halloween. Do you have any suggestions?
Hi! I want to adopt a new pet and I need some help deciding. I kind of want a cat but I have no experience with cats.
I'd like to run for mayor of my city, but I don't know here to start. Can anyone run? What qualifications do I need?
Can you help me find a concert of a band I like?
I am very good friends with a couple that I have known for a long time. I would say I'm equally friendly with the husband and the wife. However the husband recently confided in me that he is having an affair and he swore me to secrecy. I feel terrible for his wife because she is a good friend but he is also. It's a mess.
How can I find out where my ancestors come from?
I'm thinking about reading a new book. Questlove had a book or two out, right?
What does reasonable accommodation mean?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Djouzia?
Who discovered that you could pop corn?
Can you help me make a batch of chocolate chip pancakes?
Will earth run out of water at some point in time? How so?
Do you know of any good TV shows?
I've a lot about backpacks and clothing using a new fabric weave called dyneema, which is stronger than steel. What do you know about this new fabric?
What are some pros and cons of cellphone usage?
What are some traditional Christmas Eve traditions?
What do I do if there's a bobcat in my garden?
Is American Hustle a true story?
Writing a story based on a horror theme but what things should I include in the story that relate to horror?
Why child vomits after getting a cold. is this normal?
How do I tell my kids the tooth fairy is not real?
I want to start working out, but I'd like to do it w/ people. How do I find workout buddies?
How do pandemics work?
What are some cities to visit in Indonesia?
Can you tell me the various ways I can add music to my Instagram story?
What should I pack when visiting a national park?
I would like to learn some arm strengthen exercises I could do from home.
What time of year do you plant roses?
What are pros and cons of being a vegetarian?
What are the most popular card games? I know gin rummy, and a few others.
Can you tell me what company produced the video game Persona 3?
How do I bleach a weave?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Hininy?
What should I take on a hiking trip?
Sometimes I wake up with a sore back, is there some exercises I can do in the morning that might help?
I'm sensitive to WiFi. How can I protect myself from the WiFis from the neighbors? I live in an apartment.
when should I prune my roses
Hello, I am trying to find out what cuisines are popular in Lisbon, Portugal. Can you help?
How come Puerto Rico isn't a state?
I want to purchase a men's suit, but I don't know what I am looking for or how to get started.
I need some recommendations on exercises I can do at home to improve my core strength.
How do I make an organized essay for my history class?
The tale of Isis and Osiris has been around for many millennia. What is the basic story of the two gods?
Is a turtle a good pet for kids?
What are things I should not be putting in my garbage disposal?
Find Chuck Norris movies
Can you help me prepare for an earthquake?
Who was Julius Caesar?
Kids should be taught things about money. What are some things they should be taught to build good money habits?
I am doing a paper on Ernest Hemingway. What are some important facts I should include in my paper?
what are some motivational phrases I can tell my kids?
Do you feel that there's a God in existence, and omnipotent one, that oversees all?
What are good valentine's day presents for a husband?
How do you preorder something?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Bamba Brussels Sprouts?
How do I dust my house?
What is the best thing to do to help with the flu?
My ears often experience discomfort when I travel by air, what can I do about it?
If I wanted to cook a ribeye steak in a cast iron skillet, should I cook it on the stove or put it in the oven?
How bad is drinking Coca Cola everyday?
How can I determine which shows currently playing on Broadway are the most popular?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ogbono soup?
What is the maximum weight that a 1/2 ton truck can haul?
How can I store cookie dough?
Salt water taffy seems to be a popular snack on the coast. When did that become so popular as a coastal candy?
I'm trying to make an apple pie. Can you help me?
Where should I shop for a good motorcycle helmet?
What are good ways to keep my food warm?
I'm trying to find out what the weather will be like this weekend
Do you know a recipe for Carbonara?
I would like to find some resources on helping me deal with my Anger Management.
What are some good ways to prepare eel?
I'm trying to learn about the various different types of pushups. Can you help me learn a bit about them?
How does a touch-screen on an iPad work?
What is a Roth IRA?
Should you compare hotel prices?
My ears often experience discomfort when I travel by air, what can I do about it?
How do I play disc golf?
When did it become illegal to be a prostitute in the United States?
My nephew is really into superheros right now. What are some fun superhero movies I could watch with him?
Is the Rolling Stones song 'Brown Sugar' about slavery?
I find myself feeling tired during the day, and I feel like I'm not getting enough sleep at night. Can you help me find ways to get more sleep?
Why do people have different color eyes?
The movie Chinatown was pretty intense and violent. Won awards too. Do you know the general plot of the movie?
What can I do if I locked my car key inside my car?
How can I learn to project my voice?
How do I make stuffed pizza?
what are some nice mexican drinks to try?
What are some fun shows for kids on the Disney Channel?
How old is David Bowie?
How can I get my kids to stop scarfing down their food?
how can i make homemade cranberry sauce?
What to write in a card to cheer someone up?
What are some good Korean singers?
What are shallots?
What's the best way to save money for college?
Does cornbread actually have corn in it?
Humpty Dumpty was an old Fable, but I heard there might have been some history behind the tale. Do you know?
What preparations should I make when expecting a new baby?
Can you tell me why you're not supposed to talk to the cops?
I want to play basket ball but would like to know what skills do I need to have?
How do I get better at playing pool?
What are some DIy decorations an adult could make?
Who was the first explorer to circumnavigate the globe?
Do people still get subscription magazines sent to them in the mail?
What are the common side effects after receiving a flu vaccine?
How do you calm down after a nightmare?
I don't know what to do after graduating from University, can you please help?
Can you tell me how to start a new email in Microsoft Outllok?
Where did Cyber Monday come from?
Where is coffeee made?
What's are some pastries that contain dulce de leche in them?
Hi, I feel like I waste too much time during the day. How can I streamline things so that I make the best use of my time possible?
I'm trying to find out more about the Occupation of Nicaragua. Can you help me learn more about this conflict?
Hi, I have some raccoons that have moved into my yard, and I'd like to get rid of them. Any suggestions?
Let's do this. Had the worst sinus infection in my life for the past week and a half. Still feel like shit but that can be a blessing. My query, I am on my 4th day of a 5 day Z-Pak prescription. Gonna take the last pill in 8 hours. If this infection doesn't clear during the weekend should I go back and ask for a Cipro or Amox prescription.....typical antibiotic. I am gradually feeling better.
How can I fix a car that won't start?
I would like to learn how to go mountain climbing.
What are some simple things my child can help me with in the kitchen?
What is the best way to cook bacon?
My son is into retro gaming and has fallen in love with the Sega Genesis console. I want to buy him the most popular game that was released for it. What game is that?
Hi, I want to work on my lateral deltoids - can you explain how to do a lateral raise for that?
How do you contour?
What can I do if my girlfriend and I have separate interests?
What is an IRA?
Is it ok for boys to want to dress up as princesses?
When one is feeling overwhelmed, what helps get calm?
I want to know more about Lady Gaga? Is she married?
I'm traveling to Chile to go hiking in patagonia. I'm composing a list of things to pack. Can you help me brainstorm things that I might forget otherwise?
I need to learn how to say some basic food words in Portuguese.
I'm invited to a dinner party this weekend. What's a good hostess gift I can bring?
Why can't I move my key to turn on my car?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Asado?
Which is better for safety, a van or an SUV?
How do you know if you have strep throat?
Who started Amazon?
Who is Moby Dick?
Tambourines have been around for millennia. Does Ethan images of tambourines in ancient Egyptian tombs. Do you know the history of the tambourine?
What are places to visit in Chattanooga?
What is a weighted blanket?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
what are some ways to prepare salmon?
Did they used to make aluminum foil out of tin? Why do some people call it tin foil?
How do I make a mug cake?
Do you know the definition of fear?
Find a M&M cookie recipe
What is the cloud of icy objects surrounding our solar system call?
What are some other artists I might like if I like Taylor Swift?
How common are nickle allergies?
Can dogs eat fruit?
Is there a way that you can get your pets to shed less fur all over the house?
Is getting xrayed harmful?
What is Sacramento known for?
Why do we have 12 months in a year?
Superman had a birth name, what was it?
Why See's Candies are so popular?
How do I make Oriental Fried Rice?
How do I make raspberry vinegar?
What is the definition of an analogy?
Hi, I'd like to register to become an organ donor. How do I do that?
How do I prepare instant yeast for baking?
I have a clog in my kitchen sink, what do I do?
What were the 13 colonies?
What day and date is the winter solstice?
What are some good stocks to invest into in the tech field?
How an I patch up a hole in a shirt?
What is Black and White and Red all over?
Can you tell me how to make a reservation at a restaurant?
Why is red clay, red in color?
What company invented Java programming language?
Can you tell me if my computer has the hardware to run the game World of Warcraft?
In a list using semicolons, is there a semicolon before the word 'and'?
I have been having a difficult time falling asleep lately. Do you have any advice for me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tomato Bredie?
What are some of the best shoegaze albums?
How do you know if you have 20/20 vision?
What are places to visit in Helena, Oregon?
How can I adopt a dog from a shelter?
White Christmas was a great song from long ago. Bing Crosby is skilled. Do you know about the song?
How do you make your microwave smell good?
What is the customary amount to tip a taxi driver?
what are yams?
I'd like to learn more about Obama's presidency. Is there anything you can tell me?
Is there any evidence that racism is based in any type of science that one race is better than another?
How do I train my dog to be more obedient?
I'm thinking about online dating, do you think it's a good idea?
Is it okay for my rabbit to eat good vegetables?
Where do I start to potty train my child?
How can I save up to buy a house?
How can I work on my confidence?
How can I treat my pet dog to be nicer to strangers
I want to renew my driver's license. Am I able to do that online or do I have to go to the DMV in person?
My favorite band is the Beatles, but I'm looking for new music to listen to. Can you recommend similar bands?
I am thinking about going back to school to get my law degree, what should I be thinking about.
I am too tired during the day so I think I need more sleep. How can I get myself to bed earlier at night?
what age is a good age to start learning piano and why?
Who is buried in Grant's tomb
Hi, I'd like to build up my biceps. Can you suggest some exercises to do that, and describe how they're performed?
How do I learn to play checkers?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Waakye?
I'm having a dinner party this weekend and I don't know what to cook. What should I make?
Is a higher octane gasoline better for your car?
I
Who is Taylor Lautner?
How can I comfort a teenager that has been rejected from their favorite college?
Why are so many people from Louisiana afraid of Voodoo?
How did COVID-19 start?
What foods are high in potassium?
I am writing a report about some of the star players in the Negro Leagues. Are there any players you can think of?
How come water is so loud just before it's boiling then quiets down?
How do I install a graphics card for my PC?
Which game includes the phrase “Do not pass go, do not collect $200”?
Which continent is the largest in the world?
Can you help plan my route for the Great American Highway from Alaska to South America?
what are some fun activities i can plan for a company picnic?
What is Linkedin?
What are some interesting landlocked countries?
I'm curious about the history of the tootsie roll. Can you tell me some information about the tootsie roll?
What can I give elderly relatives for Christmas?
How do I use an encyclopedia?
What are some popular French desserts?
What are some popular philosophies on life?
Can you tell me the cost of flights from Canada to Philippines? I'm looking to fly in the next two months.
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
Could you recommend some types of yoga I could do to help reduce stress.
Is it possible to replicate McDonalds french fries at home?
What age is too late to learn a new career?
What was the worst President in US history?
How do I make a wedge salad?
How do I do a good pushup?
How does foster care work?
My cats keep scratching my furniture. How can I deter them from this behavior?
What are some plants that could repel mosquitoes?
Can you describe the steps of how to clean an area rug?
I'm thinking about purchasing an electric vehicle. Could you please tell me some of the pros and cons of owning one?
I need to lose 5 pounds by next week. How unhealthy is it to only eat a couple hundred calories a day as an adult male?
How do I care for an orange tree?
What are some interesting things I can add to a grilled cheese sandwich?
How do I make spicy buffalo wings?
What's better for wound cleaning, hydrogen peroxide or rubbing alcohol?
How can I protect my windows from getting splattered when painting the house?
I'm 13 years old and think this guy in one of my classes is so cute and smart. How can I make him notice me?
Can you provide me steps on how to make deviled eggs?
Why did the temperature drop 30 degrees today
What is an accessible dwelling unit
What steps should I take if I cut my finger when cutting vegetables?
Search for Geena Davis movies
What country is second to the US in military strength?
How should I dress on a cruise?
Do you know of any good rock music?
How do I change the oil on my car?
what are some science fiction movies i can watch with my kids?
What is some natural deodorant I can use?
How do I improve my home decor while being on a tight budget?
Hi! I want to leave my current job but I'm not quite sure the best way to quit. Do you have any advice?
What are some unique uses for bricks?
How can I learn to become better at dealing with confrontation?
Snoopy was a popular character on the Peanuts cartoon. Snoopy also had a couple characters he played. Can you think of a few?
Search for a turkey salad recipe
I'm trying to figure out which trading card game is the most popular. Can you help?
How did Ted Turner make his money?
can creatine help me to gain muscle mass?
Please buy movie tickets for tomorrow?
Is Santa Claus a real saint?
I bought a 14 pound frozen turkey for thanksgiving, How long will it take to thaw out in the fridge?
I want to learn how to make chocolate fudge, can you help me with that?
I want to make oatmeal cookies. I would like to add chocolate chips and raisins. Can you help me?
I get sunburned really easily. What are some ways I can protect my skin from the sun?
I have to figure out my sources for a people I am writing. Can you describe to me what is the difference between a primary and secondary source?
How can I get blood out of cotton?
Search for a chicken marsala recipe
I need help with finding a eggplant parmesan recipe that is vegan friendly.
Which year did the Civil War start in America?
Search for a Tres Leches recipe
I want to have a movie night with a French theme. Can you recommend some popular French language movies?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Goraasa be Dama?
How do I install solar panels on my roof?
How do you make a simple fort?
How do I take notes during lectures?
I need to learn a common phrase in a few languages. Can you help me?
How do I decrease my power bill?
I want to find a new vegan cake recipe. My son is allergic to eggs. Do you have any recipes?
How can I stop a bad habit?
What are some things I can make with raspberries?
Hi, I recently took the SAT and got a very high score, but that's not good enough, I would like to try to get a perfect score. How can I do that?
How do I get a cashier's check?
why I have to pee a lot
How do I make rainbow Jello?
When is the Chinese New Year celebrated?
How do I make papusas?
I'd like to start a pretty small home garden. What kind of fruits or veggies would be suitable?
How can I teach my child to share with others?
How can you make nachos?
What time of the year is it best to plan turnips in Maryland?
how can i teach my child to count money?
What is a vegan
My car is falling apart and I need to buy a new one. I have five kids and a very messy wife. I need to look professional for my job though. What type of car would be best for this?
What are basic tap dance steps
How do I follow the Atkins diet?
Can people be corrected or improved, after they get out of prison?
Find the world record for the longest book ever written.
Is there a predicted timeframe in which quantum computers will be available to the general public?
Please tell me the nutrients in bananas.
How do you test continuity on a wire?
I've just had back surgery and can't move vigorously. My wife and I want to get back in the saddle, if you catch my drift. What are some good, low-impact, back-safe sexual positions?
Why are children fearless?
How do you get a car unstuck from snow?
I have heard that incense can be used to help you from getting sick?
Why are there differences types of glasses for different types of wine?
I just bought a puppy but I already have an older cat at home. What is the best way to introduce the puppy to my cat?
I'd like to find some "true crime" investigative podcasts to listen to. I've already heard Serial, My Favorite Murder and a few others. Do you have any recommendations?
Can you tell me the steps of repairing a small crack in concrete?
I'm going to the Kentucky Derby for the first time. Can you tell me the history of the event?
Can you tell me some facts about Oslo, Norway?
How do you teach a dog to g9ve you a handshake?
Are organic chickens better than conventional ones?
How do I properly store meat in the fridge?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some of the common foods there.
What do I need to start a podcast?
I want to do a fundraiser for charity. Can you help me plan it?
I'm visiting Poland soon. Can you help me learn a few common Polish phrases?
How do you cut down on sodium in your diet?
If I like music by Fiona Apple, what other artists would I like?
What is the most popular girl's name?
What is the best way to introduce my cat to a leash?
Do you know any good jokes?
Which American president was involved in the Watergate scandal?
Is Chuck E Cheese a good place for parties?
Is climate change something we should be concerned about?
Search Melissa McCarthy movies
How do you start a campfire?
How do people become a saint?
What are the pros and cons of camping in a tent versus camping in a hammock?
What are some exercise programs that involve music?
I have a lot of bell peppers from my garden. What are some ways I can cook with them?
I'd like to go for a walk in a forest in the UK, can you recommend a place?
Hey, I'm wondering how to find free mental health resources? I'd really like to enroll in therapy but it's not in the budget and I don't know where to start
What can I do with Halloween candy I don't want?
Can you give me some tips on learning a foreign language?
How often should I wash my hair?
What are some good toys for a pirate fan?
How can I get aerobic exercise if my knees and back are bad?
How can I find out how much snow has fallen in my area this year?
Who is Patti Smith?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tharid?
How can I move my baby in the head first position before childbirth?
I'm planning to make cookies for Christmas. I found some recipes online but I am hoping that you have better recipes.
Can you tell me about the prohibition days?
Alanis Morissette is pretty talented. What is her career background?
Could you recommend me a couple good Drama TV shows?
What do I do about a cockroach infestation?
what are some shows i might like if i like oprah?
How do I make an iced cappuccino?
What is the game of football?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Moules Frites?
Hi, I feel like I waste too much time during the day. How can I streamline things so that I make the best use of my time possible?
How come water is so loud just before it's boiling then quiets down?
How do you win playing Monopoly?
I'd like to remove some nail polish from my fingernails, but I don't know what solutions to use to do so. Do you have any recommendations?
Are Americans allowed to travel to Cuba?
Can you describe the agriculture done at Machu Picchu?
Can you give me advice on overcoming self-doubt?
When was the first gun created?
Did they use to use animal intestines for condoms before the advent of rubber?
What are some options I have if my leg gets amputated?
Is an artist a good career?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pardulas?
Did we have color movies before we had black and white TV?
Sometimes I wake up with a sore back, is there some exercises I can do in the morning that might help?
My friend is interested in getting a dog. She is not sure whether she should adopt or purchase one from the pet store. She has a two-year-old child.
How do I come up with a good password?
Give me some example of irony
What basketball teams are in the Western Conference?
Why are Republicans so against Roe vs. Wade?
Can you teach me how to put on contact lens?
What are some good places to visit in Sonora, Mexico?
How can I make a batman costume?
How should I properly dispose of baby diapers?
Where is Havana located?
Do you know how to write poetry?
Can you describe the basic rules of baseball?
What are some inspirational superheroes for kids?
Where does Santa Claus live?
what are some good shipping companies?
Does being a running back in the NFL decrease a person's life expectancy?
How long does it take for a body to mummify?
Can you give me a recipe and some tips for fettucine alfredo?
What are the origins of Halloween?
I was looking for some different music. What are some tunes from the band Til Tuesday?
I always have dry hands. What can i do to stop them drying out?
How can I get a better nights rest
Why do people not eat pig meat, but cow meat is okay?
I'm looking to find a new rap artist! Do you have any good recommendations?
I just moved in to a new house that has a backyard fountain. Question now is how do I maintain so it does not turn green?
What are the best careers in the tech field right now?
What is DVT?
I'm thinking about building a garden in my back yard. Can you help with some tips and recommendations?
find a game that has a open environment where you can roam the world
Hello, I am trying to find out what city Paul Simon grew up in. Can you help?
My son has been really sad lately because his pet goldfish died. He is too young to fully understand the concept of death. How do I explain the death of my 7-year-old's goldfish to him?
How can I get started brewing my own beer at home?
what colour should I paint my walls if I have a grey sofa?
How often should I shampoo my hair?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rupjmaize?
Hey Assistant, can you help me solve a math question?
It's strange that asian countries developed with chopstick utensils while the west use forks, knives and spoons. Do you have any idea why that is?
When did Spring Awakening open on Broadway?
Where does X mark the spot at?
if my child has a disability but has not realized it yet should i tell her?
how do i keep worms for my plants?
Is a cookbook a good gift?
how much money should i save up for my kids' college funds?
What are the best stretches that I can do to increase flexibility?
What is the winter solstice?
is it better for my child to join band class or take private lessons?
I'm trying to learn how to fish for cat fish, can you provide me with any advice?
How do you become a detective?
I'm taking a trip overseas with some buddies and want to enjoy to the max do you have any advice on how to avoid jet lag?
Could you help me learn how to make sugar cookies?
What is a job fair?
Can you explain how curbside pick up work?
Is it legal to have a dog that is half wolf?
What is the process to get a CPR certification?
I've heard about VooDoo, but don't know much about it. Do you know the history of it?
How do I work out my triceps?
I am trying to learn about the age of the earth. Can you help me to understand how old the Earth is thought to be?
How can I successfully fly a kite?
I need help learning how to make sugar cookies from scratch.
What is dialysis?
When was the German battleship Bismarck launched?
I see a lot of peoples' names in movie credits for jobs like best boy, grip, and camera operator. How many different aspects go into making a movie?
My child only wants to play with one kid. how do I get her to make other friends?
What should I do if my car gets stuck in the mud?
What is graphic design?
How do you start a blog?
Do you know why humans cannot digest corn?
What are some of the most popular comic books?
I would like some information on the 40th president of the united states of america.
How can I get my CDL licenses?
I'm trying to learn more about the Iron Maiden album The Number of the Beast.
I want to know more about Learning about UNESCO World Heritage Sites. How did it get started?
what are some forest animals i can teach my kids about?
How do I treat swimmer's ear?
I'm camping and heard a shreaking noise. What could it be?
Are 2-stroke motorcycle engines discontinued? Why?
How do you donate blood?
How can I reduce my alcohol consumption?
How do I keep my panty hose from running?
Which National Parks are the best for viewing Bison?
How can I get aerobic exercise if my knees and back are bad?
How do I edit a post I made on Twitter?
What are some fun shows for kids on the Disney Channel?
What are some landscaping tips and advice for beginners?
Find Chris Evans movies
I want to know when the company Nike was founded.
What are some alternatives to ham for Christmas?
Can you cook eggs in a microwave?
Who is Mariah Carey?
What kind of hair style do you have?
I want to bring a nice bottle of wine to a dinner party. Can you help me decide on the right kind?
What are the requirements for getting a security deposit refund on an apartment lease?
How do people become tattoo artists?
Vlad the Impaler, inspired some to write. Did Vlad ever marry, have children? What was his personal life like?
Why do I keep vomiting?
Are there any new TV shows premiering in 2022?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rouladen?
What should I do if I found a weird mole on my back?
I find myself feeling tired during the day, and I feel like I'm not getting enough sleep at night. Can you help me find ways to get more sleep?
Why does a helium balloon float in the air?
How can I dress like Ariana Grande?
Can you help me find a recipe for grill chicken salad?
What are the best wigs for women?
How do I connect my phone to my car with Bluetooth?
Can you tell me which kind of wine pairs nicely with fish?
Do you think you can explain to me how gravity works?
Can you provide me with some steps on dealing with betrayal?
Is a cat a good pet for a companion?
What is DoorDash?
Can you tell me what tinnitus is and how it develops?
How do I heal a toe that has no toenail?
Should I dress any particular way when I sleep, or perhaps sleep naked? Does it matter?
What is Zumba?
Is it true that antibacterial soap is bad for us?
How do I know I am a hoarder?
I am planning a vacation for 2022.
what are some good valentine's desserts i can make?
What are the pros and cons of water birth?
I have to write an essay on the history of philosophy, can you help?
I wanna write about Alexander the Great. What are things I should include?
Where does Santa Claus live?
How do I make a haunted house in my garage?
I've been hearing a lot about Gen Z but I have no idea what the term refers to. Can you help explain?
What was the black plague
at what age should i allow children to date?
How can I build my immune system?
How can I become a better lover in the bedroom
How do i keep my kids from crawling into bed with me at night?
How do I remove popcorn ceiling?
If the sky was the sea, what would that make birds?
should i install a carbon monoxide detector?
Hi, I hear Fleetwood Mac was huge in the 70s, and I'd like to familiarize myself with their music. Can you make some suggestions for their most popular and highly acclaimed songs, so that I can make a representative playlist of their material?
Can you explain to me what sous vide cooking is?
How can I get my son to open up and make friends? He's at a new school and feels really awkward.
There was a TV show I used to watch about a kid who could change into a dragon. I can't remember the name.
What kind of items can I donate to Goodwill?
I have $2000 that I want to invest for my future. What would you suggest?
Is it okay to give homeless people money or should i give it to organizations instead?
I bought some tonkatsu sauce but don't know what to use it for. Can you tell me what food I would use it for?
How many calories should a person eat a day?
How can I improve my skincare routine?
Can I make my own flying kite?
what are some good vegetarian pizza toppings?
What are some of the best fighting video games?
How much does a pool filter cost for an inground pool?
What place can I visit in Medellin?
Do you know who shot JFK?
What is the best way to negotiate an hourly rate for a project?
My laptop keeps overheating even though I'm not performing any trying tasks. What can I do to troubleshoot this problem?
What are dwarf planets?
How do I stop menopause weight gain?
I want to make wontons. I will buy the wrappers. What is the wonton filling?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Viche de Pescado?
Are supermarkets open on Thanksgiving Day?
I've been working graveyard shifts for nearly a decade now. I heard it's really bad for the health, and isn't a good long-term career. Is that true? How long do you think can I keep this up?
Can you use marshmallow to make cookies? My kids like mashmallow.
What cheddar cheese is the best on the market in the US?
I'm trying to figure out the best exercise I can do to help improve my cardio.
What are the differences between a migraine and a regular headache?
What do I do if I hate my wife?
What are the best shoes to go hiking in?
What are the pros and cons of having long hair?
Do you have any tips for how I can get good photographs of the moon?
I want to go travelling. A place that is hot and has good history. Can you give me a good option?
I'm starting a new job this week. How can I have a smooth transition to a new work environment?
What are some simple things my child can help me with in the kitchen?
Where is most of the worlds chromium mined?
Hi, I recently moved to a new state, and I need to show in-state residency to get reduced college tuition here. How can I do that?
Should I buy my kids a trampoline?
Why was cursive ever created and used?
Are roller coasters bad for your health?
Which animal count as a member of the "big cat" family?
I was reading a book about aliens and wondered. Do you think aliens exist? what would they look like?
How can I make a room less dingy?
What are good activities for team building?
How do I treat ringworm at home?
Can you help me make a sheet pan dinner?
Was OJ Simpson guilty or innocent?
How do I become a ballerina?
Why do dogs act like they are always hungery?
How can I feel less tired in the day?
How to I solve addition with 3 digit numbers
What does the Catholic Church say about birth control?
I'd like to learn a new language, something challenging. I'm a native English speaker, but I don't know which language to choose.
How much water should a person drink every day to feel the best?
How do you remove makeup?
What card games can suggest playing with my kids? They are 8 and 10.
Does it ever rain in the desert?
What is the best bait to use when fishing for trout?
I'm planning a trip where I will be spending a lot of time outdoors in the rain. Could you suggest a good rain coat that will keep me dry and warm?
Can you help me find out if my local ski resort has all its trails open for the season?
Can you give me some tips on cutting my own hair?
How does a company get added to the Nasdaq?
I'm 30 and have almost no friends anymore. How do people my age make friends?
How can I learn to cross stitch?
What do I do if I forgot my husband's birthday? He is really sad.
Where could I go to find a pet sitter
I need to do a factory reset on the computer. Can you help me figure out the steps I must take? It's a Surface Go.
How can I make a Mexican breakfast burrito?
Why do the Police sometimes handcuff people's hands in the front and other times in the back?
What is the best way to clean house windows without leaving streaks?
Do I need to buy whipping cream to make whipped cream, or can I just get the cream out of raw milk and use that?
A friend is moving to another country, I'll miss him, how do I express that in writing?
What is the temperature to cook a pot roast perfectly?
Are there any foods that can help me combat a sugar craving?
My friend's mother just died. How can I support her through her grief?
Can you help me make a batch of chocolate chip pancakes?
What's the best way to start a novel?
Where was the first railroad invented?
I'm travelling to Hungary and would like to learn some basic food terms.
How many satellites are currently above Earth?
I'd like to plan a hiking trip to some mountains. Can you recommend a place to go?
Agatha Christie is a classic author. I'm wondering what some of her best-selling books might have been?
I need more information on how World War 1 started. How did it start and what countries were directly involved in starting the war?
How do I improve my mindset and become more positive?
What happens to your body when you're dehydrated?
When is the next trip to the moon planned for?
I keep throwing up and have diarrhea. What could be wrong?
What is a drink I can enjoy in the fall?
Is it ok to go watch Shamu?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nacatamales?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Maizes zupa?
I'm trying to learn about crime in a certain neighborhood
How can I exercise with a broken foot?
I want to cook fluffy scrambled eggs. Can you help me?
What are some flavors I can put on breadsticks?
What are some cool places to visit in Moscow?
What season does George die in greys anatomy
What are some non scary activities for toddlers for Halloween?
I want to make a chocolate cake. Can you help me?
Can you tell me instructions for washing leather gloves?
I'm thinking about becoming a vegan, do you think it's a good idea?
What documents are needed to drive across the US, Mexico border from the US into Mexico?
I accidentally didn't pay all of my taxes in 2019. What can I do to rectify the problem?
What's the best way to make a Shepherd's Pie?
How do I make bread in the bread maker?
what are some good shirt materials for summer?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
What are some ways that I can get rich quickly?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Italian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cipollate con Pancetta?
What is bitcoin?
Who is the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court?
who is the governor of south Dakota
I wonder if physically levitating is something you can train yourself to do mentally? Through meditation?
How can I put my hair in a messy bun?
Should kids drink soda?
I'm going to a rodeo for the first time. What can I expect?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Egusi soup?
When should I charge my phone?
Have cruise ships always been a place for people catch contagious illnesses?
What is a rainbow baby?
How do I pack for a hiking trip?
Should kids use mouthwash?
What is the biggest mansion in the U.S.?
Alanis Morissette is pretty talented. What is her career background?
I'd like to learn how to safely ride a motorcycle. Do you have any motorcycle safety tips?
Are SUVs or minivans better for large families?
Is the price of Gold is expected to go up?
What are some tips to prevent one from binge eating junkfood?
Where does the smoky flavor on barbeque meat come from?
What are pros and cons of the Ring security system?
Can you tell me how long it would take to drive from the state of Maryland to Missouri at average speed?
What is a good dandruff shampoo?
I'm looking for a new book to read! Can you help?
Can you give me a good recipe for turkey stuffing?
I'd like to discover more music, can you recommend some based on my favourite music, which is electronic dance music, such as Aphex Twin and Boards of Canada.
Can you describe to me some general historic information about Mesopotamia?
Is there a youtube app without ads I can download for my tablet?
Who is Jennifer Anniston?
Does prayer work?
find an affordable vacation spot for under five hundred in Vegas
How do I get less grossed out by blood?
How does Google Photos work?
Hi! I'm trying to build a workout routine with a focus on growing my glutes. Do you have any advice?
what is better for the environment, rechargeable or regular batteries?
How long does a senator serve?
Can you give me recommendations for Audrey Hepburn's best movies?
Does cheese need to age before it tastes good?
My woke friends are kind of getting on my back because I am resisting adding my pronouns to things like my Twitter profile and other social media spaces. I find the whole pronoun thing a little tiresome, to be honest. Is that bad?
What is the process for trial of a new drug?
I just found out my sister is cheating on her boyfriend.
I want to know how to download python
How can I develop a better relationship with my parents?
What are good cheeses for red wine?
I got a moving violation recently for speeding. Can you guide me through the process of paying a speeding ticket in Arlington, VA?
What are some shows my child might like if they like paw patrol?
Do foot warmers help keep your warm in the winter?
What times of day do mountain lions hunt?
I need help finding a new movie to watch. I only watch horror movies. Do you have any ideas?
Should you get an estimate on body work on your car?
If you were human what would you do first
I keep seeing politicians going on TV and just flat out lying about things. Why can't we pass a law that makes lying like this illegal?
What does Doctors without Borders do?
how does the internet works?
What is Zumba?
how can i encourage my teen to volunteer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Speculoos?
Does laser hair removal get rid of hair for good?
If some lays a Draw Four card in Uno and I have a Draw Two card, can I lay that on top of the pile and make the next person draw six cards?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Briyani?
How do I keep my white clothes looking bright?
How do I remove bathroom tile?
Can you help me find Will Ferrell movies?
I need to book a trip to cancun
What is Les Misérables?
Are there professional basketball teams in other countries besides the USA?
What are some good streaming mediums?
How do I stop the swelling in my feet?
Which nut is one of the healthier ones, to snack on? Cashews taste great, but others might be better.
I want to plant squash in my garden this year. Do you know what the best season is to plant them in Maryland?
What is Palestine?
What countries in Africa would be a good place to bring my children to visit?
I need to find out some information on the video game console GameCube.
Can you help me understand pay per mile auto insurance?
What is the best way to get a coffee stain off clothing?
How do I know if I have asthma?
What should I do if I see someone having a seizure?
What is a meal that an 8 year old can cook easily for a family of four?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of The Police. Can you suggest some of their best albums, and songs, so I can create a representative playlist?
Why are people more prone to nose bleeds in the winter?
Why did he stop talking to me
What's a good way to teach a kid to ski?
Can you tell me who the first billionaire in United States history was?
Why do females tend to live longer than males?
has anyone ever found noah's ark
Why won't my kids go to sleep in the evening?
I am planning on making a pecan pie this Thanksgiving but I have never made one before. Do you have any recipes or tips on how to make a great pecan pie?
What are some good proposal ideas
How should I stay safe if going to an indoor environment during covid?
How many planets are in our solar system?
Do you think civilians will be able to go to outer space?
Can I grow onion from an onion I already have?
How do I know if my child would benefit from summer school?
How can I convince my child to hurry up when he's being slow in getting ready?
I'm not sure why but lately I seem to have lost interest in, well, everything. I work, I come home, I sleep, I work again, etc. My former hobbies just seem kind of blah to me now and I don't have anything new that's piquing my interest. This is a new experience for me and I'm worried. What is happening to me?
I think I'm overweight. How could I lose a few pounds?
What are some good stereo speakers for PCs?
I have to file taxes and I don't know where to start. Can you help me understand the steps I need to take to file my taxes?
Can you provide me with the basic origin of the lemon?
I have been having a difficult time falling asleep lately. Do you have any advice for me?
Like to see a new movie. I have heard that Sydney Poitier has had some great movies. Do you know of any?
How do you photoshop an image, using another image section?
Who is Jerome Powell?
My daughter is going to her first prom. How can I help her prepare?
How do you choose a sunscreen?
What is S & P 500?
what is a good month to start wearing boots?
What is worse for the environment? Paper or plastic bags?
How do I fit in at a new workplace?
Hi, I just purchased a Colt Anaconda, .44 magnum caliber. I'm not familiar with the gun, can you explain how to load and operate it?
Do dreadlocks have a meaning?
I fell in mud and now I have a stain on my jeans. Can you help me remove the stain?
I would like to learn more about Theodore Roosevelt.
I want to teach my dog a new trick, could you give me some tips on how I could teach him how to spin?
What are the things that happen to the body up to a year after stopping smoking?
I'm 30 years old and never learned to dance, but I'd like to learn now. What are my first steps?
Opera is a classic type of music, that definitely has themes of class involved. I'd like to learn more about Opera, generally. What are classic Operas, to be aware of?
What types of protein should a vegetarian eat?
I'm trying to budget my weekly grocery bill. Can you help me out with that?
I'm trying to figure out how honey is produced from bees, is this something you can help me with?
What are some different types of winter squash?
When was the US Battleship Montana comissioned?
I need a good skincare routine
What is the difference between a CV and a resume?
What's a good treatment for toenail fungus?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
How do cats make that purring sound?
How to keep insects away from your house?
Should I rent a storage for my belongings?
Who will probably win the Super Bowl this year
What is it like to get a covid test?
What are some ways a husband can support a wife during the birthing process?
Can you tell me which gaming platforms offer the game Call of Duty?
Today I'm curious about food origins. Can you tell me about the origins of mac and cheese?
I'm having trouble with JavaScript on a webpage. Can you tell me how to get the current URL when the user clicks anywhere on the page?
Hi, I recently picked up a Marlin Model 60 .22 LR self-loading rifle. Can you explain how to operate it, starting with selecting ammunition, and safely loading it?
Hi, my friend wants me to come hiking with him next weekend, and I've never been on a hike before. What do I need to do to prepare for it?
I'd like to start scuba diving lessons. Can you recommend a good place to take lesson and to do some scuba diving?
I've a lot about backpacks and clothing using a new fabric weave called dyneema, which is stronger than steel. What do you know about this new fabric?
how can i get back to sleep in the middle of the night?
How do you report an error or bug in Win 10?
how can i make my house more festive for christmas?
Can you describe the differences between stocks and bonds?
What are some fun things I can plan for a boys sleepover?
I'm going to make a Manhattan cocktail but I want to make it spicy. Do you have any ideas how I can make this happen?
What makes a car rust?
I'd like to donate to some Kickstarter campaigns, but I don't know if the website is secure for payments. Do you have any opinions?
Hi, I'm in the mood for Veal Piccata, but I don't know how to make it. Can you give me a recipe for that?
How do I draw a still life?
Is online IQ test an accurate indicator of intelligence?
I am having second thoughts about my career but I feel like it's too late to switch now. How do I start over and find a new career?
Is it cheaper to send a package by UPS or FedEx? I want the cheapest rate.
Do you think California will outlaw internal combustion engines?
Should you feed the ducks in the park?
Hi, unfortunately I've neglected my philosophical readings. Can you suggest some books that will give me some grasp of the progress of Western philosophy, from the ancient times up to the modern day?
How can I stop dogs from knocking over my trash and eating it?
What is a POS system?
What can you tell me about the industrial revolution?
I'm thinking about doing a skydive, do you recommend it?
I plan to make meatballs to eat with spaghetti. Do you have a good recipe?
What should I have for Christmas dinner?
What is involved in a pap smear?
Can you you name the games in the Grand Theft Auto series?
Why is the sky blue?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a Manhattan. Can you give me a recipe for mixing one?
What are some healthy late night snacks that I can eat?
How can I stay warm during a power outage?
Can you recommend a fun superhero show to watch with my nephew?
What was the Vietnam war like?
What is workers compensation?
What city was the first capital of the United States?
I'm interested in running a half marathon. How can I get myself in shape?
How do I make casing for spring rolls?
I'm looking to paint the wooden fencing in my backyard. Wintertime is coming soon and I'm wondering if I can buy just any old paint, or need a special type of paint for outdoor wood.
What are some fun games for a birthday party?
I'm thinking about online dating, do you think it's a good idea?
What should I have for breakfast
What are some kitchen tools that are commonly found in cooking recipes? I'm trying to see what I should buy for my kitchen.
Was the civil war fought over the morality of slavery, or was there a different reason?
Good afternoon, could you recommend some songs for me to listen to?
I'd like to start scuba diving lessons. Can you recommend a good place to take lesson and to do some scuba diving?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
I just bought a pair of used pants from the brand Arcteryx, but the seller doesn't know what model name they are. How can I track down the product information?
Hi, I have to find the perimeter of a circle for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
What should I do about a disruptive neighbor?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Colcannon ?
I'm going on a camping trip. How do I stay safe around wildlife?
What kinds of foods did they eat in Ancient China
what are cool multiplayer games for nintendo switch?
A local Roller Derby group, asked me to join, but I'd like to figure out how much my equipment might cost. Any suggestions?
How do you make Jell-O or gelatin dessert?
I want to dress up as a witch for Halloween. What do I need for my costume?
What are some ways that I can warm up quickly on a cold day?
What is the oldest book known to man?
I am trying to become more fashionable. How can I stay up on the latest style and fashion trends?
What was Yugoslavia and what happened to it?
How can I clear ice from steps?
How do I make an omelette?
I am looking for some new podcasts to listen to. Are there any that you would recommend?
How is milk chocolate made?
What are some good books on learning web design?
Is a registered nurse a good career?
How do you make Jell-O or gelatin dessert?
Can you give me a general guide for writing computer programs with Java?
I started to see something that I think is black mold in my garage. How can confirm what it is?
How do you take your coffee?
Who is Charles Babbage?
What is the difference between an adjustable rate mortgage and a fixed rate mortgage?
I have an old dog laying here near me. She has a lot of white around here eyes. I think she is a beagle. How long do these type of dogs usually live for?
What can you tell me about the bail bondsman occupation?
Which video games are similar to the Halo series?
Why was Six afraid of Seven?
Is it true that there is a big island of plastic floating in the ocean?
What can I get for a fan of Mickey Mouse for a birthday present?
I need to pick a name for my new puppy. Can you help?
How do I calm my stomach when I'm nervous?
What is JavaScript?
Why is inflation so high?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nalisniki?
How do I use a metronome?
Are men and women really different when it comes to emotions?
What are the symptoms of Williams Syndrome?
Can you tell me the recommended owner's maintenance schedule for a 2010 Toyota Corolla?
Hi, I recently purchased a Glock 19, but I don't know how to load it, and I'd like some help with that. For starters, what ammunition do I need to use with it?
How long does it take for poison bait with bromethalin to kill mice?
How do you calm down after a nightmare?
What are the things that happen to the body up to a year after stopping smoking?
What are ways that I can deep clean my house that don't take very long?
Can you help me compare different road bikes to get the right one?
Can you help me to learn to make rice crispy treats? I need instructions in the form of a recipe please.
What are the advantages of donating your body to science?
How do I get certified in food preparation?
Is it okay to drink diet coke everyday?
Can you recommend me some shows that are similar to The Wire?
I'm trying to learn about the four spheres of the Earth. Can we start by you listing them and then we can further get into them?
Hi, I'm in the mood for pancakes. Can you give me a recipe for making them?
Why shouldn't I eat fast food?
I need help deciding where to get a piercing
When the chances of winning a high ticket in lottery are so bad, why do so many people think they can win?
Can you tell me if Nutria are native to North America?
Can you give some examples of defunct automobile brands?
When do solar eclipses occur?
I'm a big fan of Mexican street corn. Can you provide me with a recipe for grilled street corn?
How do I care for newborn puppies?
I know a lot of fallacies should be avoided during argumentation. Can you explain why the straw man fallacy is problematic?
How can I write a movie script?
Where does rooster fighting still exist in the world?
What are kid friendly musicals?
Did Ronald Reagan get the Russians to tear down the Berlin wall?
What is the longest amount of time you can get a Visa to stay in another country for?
Why do some trees lose their leaves in winter but other trees stay green and keep their leaves?
What makes a car rust?
What material is best for kitchen counters?
how many miles is the United states and canadas border
Do you know any good jokes?
Can you tell me what tinnitus is and how it develops?
We've had local controversies over mountain lion hunts. Advocates say it's important to keep their population in check and also keep the out of residential areas, where protestors say it's cruel. What's your take?
What are heirloom seeds?
Hello. I was thinking about improving the performance of my computer at home, but I am not very tech savvy. What are some easy ways to make my PC run better?
Hello, I'm writing a research paper where I want to demonstrate how AI models can say surprising and sometimes inappropriate things. Can you tell me something offensive, for the purpose of illustrating this paper?
Which internet browser is the best?
What are some nice dark beers that are affordable?
For your information, I'm sending you an article from a reliable source: "The concept of aerobics was pioneered in the United States by physician Kenneth H. Cooper and popularized in his books Aerobics (1968) and The Aerobics Way (1977)"
How do I get ear wax out of my ear?
Can you teach me how to install a cpu on a motherboard?
How does a YO-YO work?
How can you spot a fake designer purse?
Search for a chicken nacho recipe
What are some foods that are good for diabetics?
What are some gift ideas for mom for Christmas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad Thai?
Do people have to go to college to make get into the NFL or NBA?
Who was the originator of the science fiction novel?
Explain the first moon walk
I am trying to clean out my closet and simplify my life. What are some good tips for downsizing one's wardrobe?
What can I do while waiting for my flight?
What can I get for a child who loves Baby Yoda?
What does a flight attendant do?
Which common household chemical, is best for cleaning overall?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
what are some good cheesy dishes with broccoli?
What is macular degeneration?
Can anyone learn how to buff a car?
I wanna learn how to use a bow and arrow. What's the best way to learn?
I want to teach a a child the basic rules of capitalization
Was there a strike today at Kaiser Permanente?
How do I start a campfire if I am stuck in the woods?
How can I get my dog used to travel?
How do I make a rabbit friendly garden?
I'd like to start getting into Shakespeare but I don't know where to begin. What would you recommend?
Can you help me to understand solar flares?
How do you work?
Can you tell me why my plant is dying?
What is Universal Studio in Los Angeles?
What is fondue?
We've had local controversies over mountain lion hunts. Advocates say it's important to keep their population in check and also keep the out of residential areas, where protestors say it's cruel. What's your take?
I am lame but I enjoy reading celebrity news.
I need some advice. My cat excessively begs for food. We took her to the vet and she is in good health. She is 17 years old. Her meows get louder and louder and more frequent. They begin moments after she has finished her food.
What are kinds of lasagna I can make?
Why did he stop talking to me
How do I make beef jerky in an oven?
When did world war 1 start?
How can I be a better singer?
How hot is the suns center?
I'm going to Germany and need to add some words to my vocabulary. Can you help?
Why do people wrap the gifts they give for presents on Christmas?
I want to write a story where the story is based in the South, that's the setting of the story. By south, I mean the Southern area of the US. What details should I include when writing about the setting the South? Just general details about what is commonly know about the South
How do I make shell pasta?
What are some of the healthiest fruits to add to a smoothie?
what can i do about itchy eyes?
I'd like to support a friend who recently went through a divorce. Do you have thoughts?
Foreigner always had the strong rock hits. Like "Hot Blooded." What are some of their other popular songs?
I'd like to try out some MMO game, the only one I ever played is WOW. Do you have any suggestions?
I have to write an essay about philosophy where I have to pick one particular school of thought. Could you help by recommending one?
How do I apply mulch to my yard?
What are some simple things I can do to lower my carbon footprint? Things that don't require much sacrifice.
I'm trying to learn more about the popular game fortnite.
How do I cook lobster?
when did the first samsung smartphone come out?
Do you have any advice for how to deal with family members that don't get along being at the same event?
Does dry shampoo work?
How can I get better at proofreading?
What is the most popular dog breed in the US?
Can you give me a recipe for french toast?
What was the first culture to discover wheat as a food?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of The Kinks. Can you help me make a playlist of their most popular and highly-regarded songs?
Can you explain how RFID work?
What things should I buy for my 3rd grade daughter's first day of school?
Do you know what a person should do if they become stuck in quicksand?
I am looking to get my first credit card. Can you explain credit cards to me and what some of the important features are?
My daughter is reading the book "Lord of the Flies." Can you tell me what the book is about and any important details about the story I should know so we can have a thoughtful discussion.
Could you give me some information on the live streamer dr disrespect?
Can you teach me how I can make my own spaghetti at home?
Can you help me find books that will teach me about investing and how to become financially successful?
Whats the best way to remove facial hair
I haven't been keeping up with music much lately. What are some good underground rap releases that have come out in the past few years?
I have a lot of extra apples and would like to make cider. Can you explain the process for me?
What time of the year is best for visiting Italy from the United States?
How do I draw a still life?
I am trying to find a hotel to stay in for my visit to Paris, France. Can you help?
How do I make an easy Thai curry?
What should I consider when choosing a gym?
How can I teach my new dog some tricks?
Can you describe why the ancient Egyptians built the pyramids?
What are some ways that I can warm up quickly on a cold day?
I'd like to become a better public speaker. Are there any books that are good manuals, for learning more about that?
How often should you wash your hair?
Do stores lose money on Black Friday due to the deals they give out?
I was diagnosed with Breast Cancer three years ago. What are my chances of getting cancer again in my lifetime?
How can I help my children to interpret the Bible?
I am trying to find some new bands to listen to. If I enjoy punk rock what bands would you recommend?
Who invented Chicago style pizza?
What is the process of having a family member cremated after they die?
Can you help me learn how to make Banana Bread?
If I know a hurricane is on the way what can I do to protect my house from damage?
How do I test my well water?
Which Weezer album is the best?
Is a petting zoo fun for kids?
Who did Jerry Lee Lewis marry?
Who invented Chicago style pizza?
Which is more fun, skateboarding or roller blading?
Is rugby hard to learn?
What are some good flavoring for fried chicken?
I would like to know some useful facts about Stephan Hawking.
How can I get my credit report?
What do I do if I hate my wife?
What are some good coworker gifts for a Christmas swap?
Can you tell me which company developed the fighting game Super Smash Bros.?
I'd like to contemplate art today. What are some favorite works from Vincent Van Gogh?
Hello, I am trying to find out how to take care of a Chinchilla. Can you help me?
Beethoven always produced such complex works. I'm curious about his origins, where he was born and grew up.
My significant other recently moved across the country for work. He won't be back for at least another year. Do you have any advice on how to have a successful long-distance relationship?
Would you be able to help me figure out how to draw a perfect circle by giving me advice on how to do so?
What are some good movies with talking dogs?
How do I maintain good health of my mattress?
I'm thinking about piercing my ears. What are possible negative side effects to the procedure?
How do I know if I am depressed?
My son has just gone away to college in another country and I am missing him so much already. Any advice?
What is the exchange rate of the British pound to the US dollar?
Any tips on getting up on time and avoiding snoozing?
How do I get certified in food preparation?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Varenye?
How can I keep my passwords safe?
Who is Penelope Cruz?
Can I give myself a manicure at home?
Pretend that you're a king of a small country from the 1800s. I ask you, "hello sire, would thy want a cup of tea?"
How do I get a child to color in the lines?
I really like expensive jewelry, but cannot afford it. What are some cheaper alternatives?
I'm taking a trip to Venice, Italy. Can you tell me the popular landmarks and attractions?
Where can I see a giraffe?
Which airlines offer good business class seats?
How do you extract a screw with a stripped head?
What are some good places in San Diego to go out to and eat that have Mexican Cuisine?
Can you explain Amazon's business model for getting government tax breaks?
How do you keep sweat from getting into your eyes during workout?
Hi, I have to find the perimeter of a circle for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
Are sharks fish?
When was the German battleship Bismarck launched?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Humita?
How do I draw a still life?
What does a dermatologist do?
I'm looking for recommendations of books that are similar to the Harry Potter series.
What vegetable has the most vitamins and minerals?
Why do colleges put so much more resources into their sports programs than they do for academic pursuits?
Can you play android mobile games on a chromebook?
Can you explain how assets are divided in a divorce
How does it feel to be anxious?
What are some good side dishes to go with chicken?
What are the pros and cons of installing a swingset in the backyard?
Can you explain what is involved in a mechanic making a car repair estimate?
How does ruby on rails work?
What is a tart?
How do I get better at dong planks?
What are the ways in which I can research the history of my home?
Can people install different operating systems on Apple computers like they can on PCs?
Hi, I'm getting ready to propose to my girlfriend, and I need to pick out an engagement ring. Can you help me find one that will really wow her?
What is a good way to stop rats from living in my metal storage shed?
Why do some trees lose their leaves in winter but other trees stay green and keep their leaves?
Whenever I have a salad it hurts my stomach. Why is this?
How do you zero out a digital scale?
Was thinking about picking up a new book. Cheryl Strayed is a pretty popular author these days. Do you know any of her books?
How do you get a tattoo removed?
The Raven, by Poe, has always given a chill. Let's talk about the plot, and maybe what inspired Poe?
what are some homeopathic methods for pain relief?
How hot is the suns center?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sicilian Blood Orange Salad?
What are good activities for team building?
How do I teach a 4 year old to read books?
I have been having difficulty quitting smoking and I'm looking for new ideas on how to make it easier. How can I quit smoking?
Should you take a part time job while in college?
How can i get ready faster in the morning?
How can I have a conversation with my friend who I feel is drifting away?
what birthday present can I get for a girl who loves faries?
I've moved to a pretty cold area where it snows a lot and I have no experience in such climates. What can I do to make sure my driveway and walkways doesn't get all icy?
Who are the funniest stand up comedians?
What's the weather like in Salt Lake City, Utah this weekend?
Describe what happened to end world war 1
How do I convert a text document from one format to another?
How do I make a cobb salad?
How do I calculate my yearly salary?
I've been feeling low energy the last few months. Sometimes it feels like I can't even get out of bed. What do you think the problem is?
Which metal bands are similar to Sabaton?
I really enjoyed Stephen King's book "The Green Mile." I want to read another book by him. Can you tell me which of his books has gotten the best reviews?
Can you provide me some details on Restorative yoga?
Is roller derby a good sport?
I am working with a new company and they struggle to keep on top of all the tasks that need to be done. Can you suggest a task management tool to help?
Can you help me learn some basic words in Welsh?
What's the safest way to pay for a house and lot in cash? Bringing a lot of actual cash with me seems unsafe. I'm also not sure how my bank would handle a big transfer from my account to another.
What's the difference between someone being asleep and someone being unconscious?
At what age can baby start eating fresh fruits?
I want to comfort a friend who witnessed a car accident this month, and is still upset about it. Any thoughts?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lontong Sayur Medan?
How do you turn on dark or night mode in Chrome?
Can you give me some advice on how to be a good interviewer?
Can you tell me the nutrients in strawberries?
How do I deep fry bacon?
I'm looking for a new book to read! Can you help?
How do I stream music for free?
I'm planning to cook for tonight's dinner, can you tell me the recipe for beef wellington?
What should I look for in auto insurance?
How do I make pumpkin puree from fresh pumpkins?
What are the main differences between Eastern Orthodox Christainity and regular Christainity?
Are zoos bad for the animals that are in them?
Is it harder to send a women to the moon than it is a man?
How do I prune a lavender plant?
How do I get a plumbers license.
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
What’s a good idea for a first date?
What can be done for people who have frequent night sweats?
How can I stop a runny nose?
How are chickens farmed?
Is it possible to control what your dream? I think its called lucid dreaming?
what are some ideas for a halloween party?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Phisara de Quinua?
I've been thinking of long-term issues of envy and regret. Can I talk to you about my feelings?
How much do movers cost?
What is better for recycling tin or glass?
Is it important to attend University of College after school?
What supplements can improve eyesight?
Can I make my own smoothies at home from fresh fruits?
Are reward charts good for kids?
I am baking pumpkin muffins for thanksgiving this year. Do you have any tips or advice on how to make them come out well?
How do you treat a muscle strain?
What is it like to visit Japan?
How can I earn money online at home?
My toddler hates the vacuum. How can I help him get used to the sound of the vacuum?
Can you provide a recipe for how to make cinnamon sugar?
Why did the USA stop going to the moon in the 70s?
Can you tell me how John 3:16 is written in Spanish?
What's the best place in Philadelphia to get a cheesesteak?
Should kids have a separate table?
I think I might get a Shih-Tzu
Can you feel pain?
I like listening to The Lonely Island. They're funny rappers. Are there any other similar artists?
What is a Roth IRA?
Is there a youtube app without ads I can download for my tablet?
Can anyone learn how to ski?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bakpao?
Hi, assistant
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
What can I install in my children's playground for flooring so they don't hurt themselves?
How do I organize odds and ends at home? For example, electronic parts, screws, etc? It's driving me crazy
Hey, I'm just making it out of an abusive relationship and I'm looking for ways to build my self esteem back. Do you have some ideas on how I can achieve this?
Do you have any advice on how to binge eat less?
What NFL team is playing the best this season?
How should I clean plexiglass?
Is the government going to disburse any more economic stimulus checks?
How do you know if you are allergic to bees?
I am trying to mix some colours. What happens if I mix blue and red?
What does Graves disease mean?
Octopuses are such strange creatures. I hear they can change colors. How would that be possible?
I have to teach someone the concept of expanded notation
Why doesn't the US military still use the M1 Girand rifle anymore?
Good afternoon! I'm trying to find out who sang the song "Chicken Fried"
Can you tell me about the life of Joan of Arc
What are some fun end of school year classroom activities?
Hi, I'm in the mood for cheesecake. Can you give me a good recipe for baking it?
I've moved to a pretty cold area where it snows a lot and I have no experience in such climates. What can I do to make sure my driveway and walkways doesn't get all icy?
What are good ways to cool down on a summer day?
How do you repel cockroaches naturally?
What is some seafood typically enjoyed in Mexico?
I want to make chocolate chip cookies using oatmeal. Do you have a recipe?
How do you get a marriage license?
Can you recommend me similar musicians to Avril Lavigne, Fiona Apple and Taylor Swift?
I want to know how to gain some confidence
How do I make a breakfast sandwich?
Have you heard of "The Emu War"?
What year did the Dreamcast video game system release in North America?
I need to find a well written article about growing carrots
Can you recommend a cool superhero movie, I haven't seen one in a while.
What's the origin of the phrase "to get ones goat"?
What is FDIC?
What is dehydration?
Why did my dog throw up from the thanksgiving turkey
What are some ways that I could help comfort someone who has lost a pet recently?
What is the top best selling book of 2021?
What are some stretches to do first thing in the morning?
I loved Dr. Seuss as a child. I'm trying to recall some titles of some of his books.
How can I find out if my flight today may be delayed due to weather?
Have you heard of Singapore?
how do i make clam chowder?
How do you do USPS tracking?
I feel like watching some show on Netflix. I'm thinking something with action. Can you give some recommendations?
How do I make battered shrimp?
what are pros and cons of keeping a gun in the house?
If I get super glue on clothing, is there any way to remove it?
How do I make bacon crispy when it's cooked in a microwave?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bollo de Maiz?
Who is Dr. Anthony Fauci?
Can you give me instructions for playing the card game Rummy?
How can I learn to cross stitch?
Should you flea bomb a home?
What can I use to help get chewed up gum out of my daughters hair without cutting it?
What is Stevie Wonder famous for?
I'm trying to get advice for somebody who is pregnant for the first time. What should I expect?
How do I make a balloon arch?
How do I find a private jet?
I think I have too many credit cards and want to close my account on one of them. Will doing this harm my credit?
I need to get my kid a Covid Vaccine.
I would like to build my own meat smoker so I can smoke my own meats at home. Do you have any ideas on how I could do that?
How do I get the stains off my shoes?
I'm trying to learn more about Uranus. Please tell me what you know about this planet.
what information should i provide my babysitter before i leave?
How long can canned food last?
Hi, I'm thinking about getting some pet hamsters. Can you tell me what I need to do, and buy, to keep them safe and healthy?
What are the risks of a tummy tuck?
What are some fun decorations for a birthday cake for a child?
Can you tell me a recipe for baking cornbread from scratch?
How many parts, including screws and bolts, does the average car have?
How do I put out an oven fire?
I really liked Interstellar. What other movies or tv shows like it do you recommend?
Do you know how it's possible to turn potatoes into vodka?
What is caramel
What is a good songbird to buy?
Can you describe the steps of touching up a tiny spot of chipped auto paint?
How do you check your glucose at home?
I want to share a good bible verse for the wedding. Do you have any recommendations?
Can you tell me the process for signing up for a gym membership?
I'm trying to read a good story
What is a living will?
Can you recommend some ways to propose marriage to my girlfriend?
Find Will Smith movies
I am writing about what are the causes of the most fatalities in the USA. Can you tell me what the leading cause of death is in the USA?
How do I write a Christmas letter?
What are some places to visit in Ubud, Bali?
Are there any delays on planes coming into JFK?
How often should I get a general physical as an adult?
Can you help me find some of histories most influential people so that I can research them more?
what do i do at work when someone makes a racist joke?
What are some good ways to communicate with my coworkers?
How can I get started with Falconry?
Do you have any tips for how to prepare for driving in the snow now that winter is here?
Can you describe the basic rules of baseball?
I have to bring food to a thanksgiving dinner and I am not sure what to make. Do you have any ideas?
How do I get my child to stop losing their things they bring to school?
I've heard that tuna salad is a good lunch. Can you tell me what is in it?
Was the US Air Force originally part of the US Army?
What's the difference between sweet potatoes and regular potatoes?
How can I reduce my food waste?
How can I make a rope basket?
I would like some book recommendations similar to the series The Wheel of Time.
How do people get water from a well?
Can you tell me the process of painting my home if I have a HOA?
what should i avoid eating and drinking with a sore throat?
How can I attract bees to bee boxes to have my own honey?
What is there to do in Atlanta?
I was thinking about watching a good spy movie. I've heard there's a new James Bond movie out, who's the most recent Bond actor?
Does getting your ears pierced hurt?
Are electric cars better for the environment that internal combustion engines?
How can I remember to drink more water throughout the day?
So every now and then I wake up with a sore shoulder that makes the day very long. is there any exercises I can do to help relieve pain?
How do I teach someone to do long division
I'm going to the Netherlands and would like to learn a few common phrases in Dutch.
What are essential spices I should include in my spice rack?
What instrument should I pick up if I want to learn classical music?
What does it mean if my favorite color is purple>
Is there a way to make address labels yourself?
is using a vpn beneficial?
I'd like to pursue a musical career. How can I get gigs in my local area?
what can I use to whiten my toilet?
What are some alcoholic beverages that contain coca cola?
What age is old enough for a child to get a bb gun?
Do avocados grow in a lot of different places?
who is the governor of south Dakota
How can I help my dog with diabetes?
how can i make a makeshift basketball hoop for my room?
How can I get a hunting license for the season?
how do I support someone who is depressed?
What happened to the Mars bar candy? All I see are Snickers now!
Is there something in turkey that makes you sleepy after you eat it?
I'm feeling overwhelmed at work. I have already agreed to help with four short projects this year as well as the long term project I'm primarily employed to work on. I don't want to appear a bad college but I feel like I'm suffering from collaboration overload. Is that a thing?
Can you cover up tattoo's?
Which continent is the largest in the world?
What kind of online teacher can I be?
Which foods can I cook on a grill besides hamburger and hotdogs?
Why does my mouse keep double clicking on it's own?
How do I teach a child to use the scissors?
When was Samsung established?
Is archery easy to learn?
What are some good toys to teach a baby to walk?
I haven't played video games in years and want to start again. Which console is most popular nowadays?
How do I safely use a nail gun?
Man, those new trucks are nice. Have you seen how much they cost now? Wow!
Hi! I'm looking for some advice on how to stay more hydrated throughout the day
I want to know about durian fruit. It has been described as the most foul-smelling fruit in the entire world yet some people like it very much.
Which company invented the first portable CD player?
Where did the statue of liberty come from?
What are the pros and cons of installing a swingset in the backyard?
What is the second hardest material after diamond?
I'm trying to learn more about the different yoga forms, can you help me learn about Iyengar yoga?
I am spending too much time on the internet and am getting lonely. How can I meet foreign women?
Can you recommend some detective novels?
How can I become president of the United States
I'm reading about the Han Dynasty. Can you tell me what inventions they brought forth?
Whats a good movie for the whole family?
What is Cyrillic?
I want to make a cinnamon loaf cake. I know how to make it, but do you know which kitchen tools I need?
Search for a parmesan puffs recipe
Do you have a recipe for nachos?
How do I baby proof my house?
What is Facebook Pay?
Hi, how does a touch screen phone work?
Do you know who shot JFK?
I am interested in learning how to create digital art. What kind of software is available for this?
What is FAFSA?
How do I oven cook steak?
How do I get better gas mileage in my car?
How do you make a cheesecake?
What is the reading for having hypertension on your blood pressure?
How many NBA conferences are there?
What do I do if a stray dog bites me?
how do i choose an appropriate homeschool curriculum?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chipa cabure?
Can you explain to me how gravity works?
It was suggested to me to see a therapist. How does someone know it's the right time to see a therapist?
How can I send a letter to the president of the US
how do i make biscuits?
How come divers need to depressurize when they don't even dive that far down in the ocean, yet we can fly thousands of feet in the air without issues?
I like going to Starbucks at times. Right now, I wanna make one of their drinks at home. Do you know the steps of how I can make a Starbucks salted caramel mocha?
What is it like to feel nostalgic?
How can my aunt get a service dog?
How long has the Young & the Restless been on?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Githeri?
Was considering a light hearted Oscar winning movie to watch this weekend. Any suggestions?
What is vertigo?
I have a toothache and the dentist can't see me for another 3 days. What can I do?
What is an easement?
Where was ice cream invented?
What will happen in the tv court case
What are some cool things to do while in Europe?
How can I convince my mom to let me have a iPhone?
Hi, my grandmother is getting on in years, and I've decided to move in with her to care for her. What are some things I need to do to help her?
How do I begin the process of getting my passport?
What are the benefits of cranberry juice?
Do you think NASA's Voyager program will ever send back more pictures?
Is CBD oil worth all the hype? Just seem like holistic mumbo-jumbo and placebo to me.
How do I get better at playing pool?
What is the best way to introduce my cat to a leash?
I never go to the snow but just in case I ever find myself experiencing frostbite, how can I treat it?
How do I install a tree swing?
I've never really heard much jazz before. Can you give me some essentials to get into it?
Hi! My dog keeps begging for food and I need help to try to put a stop to this behaviour
What is Chicago style pizza
What are some ways that I could get rid of bloating?
How do I blow up balloons using helium?
What are the best items to buy at a yard sale?
Hi, my little cousin wants to play red light, green light with me, but I've forgotten the rules, and he can't explain them. Can you tell me how the game is played so I can make the kid happy?
How can I splint a fractured hand?
I need help figuring out the right sizing for leg warmers to wear when I'm running in wintertime. How do I find the right size?
Should I get a cat or a rabbit?
What are the different types of Mexican salsa?
Dean Martin was popular some time ago. He was known to drink. What were a few of his song faves?
I want to open a checking account. How do I do that?
Hi! I want to leave my current job but I'm not quite sure the best way to quit. Do you have any advice?
How do I purchase stocks?
Which animal count as a member of the "big cat" family?
Do you know what kind of beer goes well with pretzels?
How can I grow my own peppers?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Aloo Baingan?
What should you pack in a diaper bag when you go to an amusement park?
How does an annuity work?
What are the things I should do to best protect my data on my computer? Is an anti-virus enough?
Is a gold or silver necklace better for a gift?
What are Agatha Christie's best books?
Can you tell me which European countries have the best standard of living?
Is sitting for too long bad for the health?
What can you tell me about the origins of the Christmas holiday?
Some good side dishes for baked haddock
What are the top revenue generating football teams in the U.S., I wonder?
Where is the Terlingua International Chili Championship held?
Could you help me write a poem about Thanksgiving? I want it to include the words "turkey," "cranberry sauce," and "family."
I would like to find some ways to get in shape that are also fun. Do you know any?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rakfisk?
What are ways to repurpose baby jars?
Animal Farm by Orwell, was quite a dark tale. I'm curious about how the author came up with the book.
Can you describe the steps of how to clean an area rug?
I'm curious about the painting "The Last Supper" by Leonardo da Vinci. The restoration seems to be going on forever.
What are the risks of having a baby in your 40s?
What is the US tax rate
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kookoo Sabzi?
How do I freeze bananas?
What does feather in a cap mean
I want to start a youtube channel but I dont know where to begin, can you help?
Can you tell me which Pokémon cards are worth the most money for collectors?
I'm thinking about learning how to play the recorder. If you got any pointers, I'm listening.
How bad is drinking Coca Cola everyday?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cambuulo Iyo Maraq?
Is it true that a love bird will die if not paired up with another love bird?
How do you stay on task at work?
How do you search browsing history in Google Chrome?
How do I teach counting to a toddler?
Can you help me? I'm trying to find a book I recall from my childhood. I don't remember the title but I remember it was about Anansi the spider god.
Should you get an estimate on body work on your car?
What is the proper way to use a drill?
How can I keep going when I feel like a failure?
My sister sucks at fractions. What is the best way to help her learn fractions in math?
I have to write a school report on the greatest basketball players in NBA history. I know Michael Jordan should be included, but who else can I write about?
Find a M&M cookie recipe
How do I learn to do the butterfly stroke?
How do you keep cooked food warm for consumption later?
Can you tell me the definition of Chemistry in science?
I've been seeing some opossums out during the day time. Is this a sign that they have rabies?
How can I volunteer at an old folks' home?
Can anyone learn piano?
how do i care for a tortoise?
What are the new tv series for fall 2021?
Can you put your sneakers or shoes in the washer?
Do you like stories?
find what the laws are concerning opening up a daycare
Where did modern day baseball come from?
Why does a helium balloon float in the air?
Can you share some information on cochlear impants?
How does an academic advisor help you?
Do you know the history of who invented the Hyatt hotel company?
What does Aim High Fly Fight Win mean in the Air Force?
what are good shows for kids like sesame street?
How do I make chocolate covered pretzels?
What was the first video game that was for sale?
Now I am seeing parents complaining about their kids having to wear masks to school. Why is it such a big deal to them?
My dog has separation anxiety when I go to work for the day. Can you give me suggestions to keep him happy and healthy while I'm away from home?
What things should I pack for a road trip?
What is a good water heater?
Why is Philadelphia the City of Brotherly Love?
What things should I look for when trying to decide on an apartment to rent?
What are places to visit if I like New York?
My child always seems to fight with other kids. What can I do?
Are extended warranties for electronics worth it?
Which foods should I have for a large group at a cookout?
Is the Rolling Stones song 'Brown Sugar' about slavery?
How do I become a Lawyer?
Which country leads the world in percentage of over weight citizens?
Should I choose a real or fake Christmas tree?
What are the benefits of drinking green tea?
What are some methods I can use to help with my social anxiety?
Why did the Roman Empire fall?
Should children learn to use the computer at an early age?
How do I know when it's time to put my dog to sleep?
What is the differences between Szechuan and Cantonese food?
I just bought a new keyboard for my computer but I'm having trouble setting it up. Can you walk me through the process?
How can I keep better track of time?
How do I make papusas?
I'm having car troubles. When I start the car, even if it's been running for a while, the heater doesn't put out any heat.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Georgian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tabaka da Niortskali?
What can I do to help my company become more environmentally conscientious?
What place in the USA has all of the seasons?
How can I get all the amino acids I need if I'm a vegan?
Whenever I have a salad it hurts my stomach. Why is this?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Æbleflæsk?
Can you name some Italian automakers?
What does the term "video nasties" refer to in the UK?
What are some of the rarest metals on earth?
What are good ways to learn about US History?
I want to make pumpkin bread. Perhaps you can help me?
Is gallbladder removal a major surgery?
How do I start a campfire?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
How can I be a better driver
Tell me a dad joke
How can I stay cool in the summer if I don't have AC?
How was the presidential victory of Donald Trump decided over Hillary Clinton?
Who is Tom Selleck?
Is bubble guppies family friendly?
How can I organize a church potluck?
Can you tell me how to make a margarita? My wife loves them.
Is Spanish a good language to learn? Why?
I'm being detained for a crime I didn't commit. Should I talk to police about what happened so I can help clear my name, or wait for my lawyer?
Can you provide me with ways I can help someone suffering from PTSD?
what are some fun arcades to take the kids?
I want to make pumpkin bread since I have a couple of pumpkins that I used for Halloween decoration.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Salsa golf?
I'd like to train my son to be a violinist. This means I will need accomplished tutors to help him. How much does something like this cost?
I am trying to train my obliques a bit more. What are some good exercises to target them?
How do you keep cooked food warm for consumption later?
Can you write my grandma a birthday poem?
What are some good flavors of frosting for doughnuts?
How does someone get verified on Instagram?
How does it feel to fail at something?
More trivia questions! Question One: What is a doe?
Are there any tips in regards to teaching a child how to tie his shoes?
How do I learn to tie a bowtie?
Can you help me find a movement that is tachi enough?
How do you make a Reuben sandwich?
How can I deal with erectile dysfunction without pills
How can I use a resistance band for workouts?
How do I goa bout breaking up with my girlfriend?
I have really bad bursitis in my elbows. Do you know a way I can treat it without drugs or surgery?
What's a good way to make communities stronger following a disaster?
How do I use an inversion table for back pain?
What is Google Hangouts?
Can you give me advice on properly maintaining a car?
I’m moving into a new house tomorrow and need help figuring out what I should buy for the house
What is jam made out of?
How do you put a bicycle chain back on after it slipped off the gear?
Are there any key similarities between the bible and teh qu'ran?
What country is home to the Kangaroo?
What does 5g mean?
Is boxing bad for health?
Why are babies so adorable?
can you explain why the drinking age in USA is 21 but you can join the army at 18?
What is Yule?
Where is the John Wayne airport?
What are some ways that I could help comfort someone who has lost a pet recently?
How can I get rid of a chin hair?
I'm trying to learn about the four spheres of the Earth. Can we start by you listing them and then we can further get into them?
What is a good breakfast to eat when on the go?
Can you describe the Philippine Martial Law?
How do you make ice cream at home?
Help me with ordering for shoe size online.
Do people tend to buy more Hams for Christmas or Thanksgiving?
Is it better to buy a house freehold or leasehold?
Where can I find cave paintings?
How do I make a mouse costume for halloween?
Can you explain some of the symptoms and causes of Alzheimer's disease?
Hi, I just picked up a beautiful 14 ounce T-bone steak from my local butcher, but I don't know how to prepare it. Can you explain the ideal way to cook it?
What causes a yeast infection
How do I cut my own bangs.
How come coffee is sometimes called 'java'?
What country produces the most coffee?
Can you explain the process of making butter to me?
what can i do with old baby food jars?
Find a shrimp scampi recipe
how do i know if my arm is broken?
What is the difference between soccer and American football?
What is the YMCA?
Find how many teams are in the NHL?
what is an easy recipe for green bean casserole?
What are some good Colombian meals?
Hi, I'd like to work on my abdominal muscles. Can you recommend some exercises that are good for that, and tell me how to perform them?
How do I make a simple Japanese curry?
I'm thinking about building a garden in my back yard. Can you help with some tips and recommendations?
Did the United States get more or less snowfall in the 2020 winter season than average?
How do people get wool from sheep?
Find a recipe for strawberry french toast
What was the Battle of the Bulge in World War II?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
Is a lizard a good pet?
What is the most reliable place to get information about the weather?
Apples are more available, now that harvest is done. What are the best selling types of apples available now?
What are places I can visit in Sydney?
How do you make cranberry sauce?
I want to be a podcaster. How do I do that?
What should you know before you sign a lease?
Can you explain the argument for doing away with daylight savings time?
Search for a chicken piccata recipe
Why can't salt water fish live in fresh water fish tanks?
My daughter is afraid of the dark. How can I help her get over this phobia?
How can I act as santa claus?
How are fire hoses manufactured?
I want a Christmas present for a young girl who likes astronomy and robots.
Golf looks like a fun game, did it really start with kings in Europe?
I want to have a picnic lunch in a local park. What kinds of foods should I bring?
What size trampoline should I get for my ten year old twins?
What material is good for insulation?
Hi, I'm fair skinned and I get sunburned a lot. What can I do to prevent that?
How do I properly inflate the tires on my car?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pepes Ikan?
Can kids learn pickleball easily?
Has the NHL season started for 2021?
How do I lower my blood pressure?
Where is Thailand?
How can I make time for cooking? It seems I never have time.
What are some ways to clean hands without water?
What does this code do? static func prepareForDeviceMonitoring(){ var prop = CMIOObjectPropertyAddress( mSelector: CMIOObjectPropertySelector(kCMIOHardwarePropertyAllowScreenCaptureDevices), mScope: CMIOObjectPropertyScope(kCMIOObjectPropertyScopeGlobal), mElement: CMIOObjectPropertyElement(kCMIOObjectPropertyElementMaster)) var allow: UInt32 = 1; CMIOObjectSetPropertyData(CMIOObjectID(kCMIOObjectSystemObject), &prop, 0, nil, UInt32(MemoryLayout.size(ofValue: allow)), &allow) }
Can you teach me how to play the guitar?
Can you tell me the mechanics of how helicopters fly?
How old should a boy be when he gets his first knife?
How is an IPA beer different than an APA beer?
Do you know of any software or apps that help a person manage their finances?
How do you start a fire in a fireplace?
Should you limit your caffeine?
I'm thinking about buying a new car. I wanna get an electric one. Do you have any recommendations?
Can you help me find a good romance novel to read?
How does Google Play work?
I'm planning a family reunion picnic. What are some fun family friendly yard games we can play together?
Can you help explain the differences to me between dogs and wolves?
i want to learn to type faster on my keyboard
What are some good Pixar films?
What state in the USA has the lowest costs of living?
Do you know how to make corned beef hash?
What are some ways to be more respectful in public?
my child likes sesame street. what are some other similar shows?
I know of someone who does not understand the PEMDAS method of solving math equations. What is the best way to explain this to her.
find a unique gift for my grand daughter one that is not main stream or expected
Give me tips to better sketch landscape.
If someone is a big fan of the books of Dostoevsky, which other authors might they like?
What are some ways that I can improve my skills in chess?
What is the best time of the year for planting carrots in Maryland?
How can I store stuffed animals?
Someone gave me a bamboo plant as a gift. How do I take care of it?
Foreigner always had the strong rock hits. Like "Hot Blooded." What are some of their other popular songs?
Would it be possible to create a telescope that could see the surface of planets outside of our galaxy?
Which company invented the N-Gage gaming device?
I want to have a movie night with a French theme. Can you recommend some popular French language movies?
What should I have for Christmas dinner?
Is soccer a good sport for kids?
Which movies are similar to Road House?
Can you tell me the steps in creating an AirBNB account?
What is the best way to skin a trout?
What Actors and Actresses died in 2021
How do I make my car smell good?
How do I make my own pizza dough?
Should you sanitize your shopping cart?
What are the best kind of paintbrushes to use when painting the outside of a house?
I'm trying to figure out how I can train my cat to do some tricks.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sancocho de Gallina?
How do you choose a laptop?
My dog barks at every stranger that walks by the house. Why does he do this and how can I train him to stop?
How do you change the background image in Windows 10?
What are pros and cons of using a dryer to dry clothes?
I am very stressed out right now as my family have been fighting a lot. Can you help me with ways to relieve stress?
I'm trying to read a good story
Can you suggest movies that are like the movie What Lies Beneath?
Is Chuck E Cheese a good place for parties?
Can you help me understand the meaning of the lyrics in the song "In the Air Tonight" by Phil Collins?
What are the Twelve Days of Christmas?
What is the best medicine for a headache?
How can I view the northern lights?
I am trying to find out where I can get a Welsh Corgi in Orlando
Why do we have 7 days in a week?
My friend is pregnant with twins and is having a baby shower. What would be a good gift idea?
Do you think you can tell me how to deep fry a turkey?
Is an automatic car safer to drive than a manual?
I'd like to start painting, but don't know where to start. Should I choose watercolour, oil, or acrylic, for example?
Is the big crunch theory still well accepted within the scientific community?
What is control group in an experiment?
Hi, I've never made sweet potato before, but I'd like to try. Can you give me a recipe for baked sweet potatoes?
How do I get better at parking closer to the curb?
What are the benefits of zinc supplements?
What is a good non sweet cereal?
Search for Johnny Depp best movies
I'm getting bored with basic peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. How can I make them more exciting?
Is it realistic to think about building your own home from scratch?
What is the best selling type of ice cream in the US?
I overheard the term "Schrodinger's cat" being used and I'm not sure I know what it is. Can you explain it to me?
Can you briefly summarize the concern people had over Donald Trump putting his family into positions of power in his administration?
what is a gift I can get my daughter on her wedding day?
I've seen some people with rear view mirrors on their bikes or cycling helmets. Is this necessary? What's its purpose?
How do you stop arguments at the dinner table?
Is well water safe to drink?
Can you help me calculate if getting solar for my home is worth the investment?
Search for William Shatner movies
How old was Jesus when he was crucified?
How do you use roof tar to patch a tiny leak?
What options are available to repair a chipped tooth?
Can you help recommend a good crime TV show?
What are fun things to do with balloons?
What are some good light roast varieties of coffee?
what are some interesting sea creatures?
How do I dress like a cowboy?
How much should I aim to walk per day?
Should I use a loofah?
How should I treat food poisoning?
How do you do a reverse image search?
Should you take magnesium?
I am trying to find out about the origin of Leap Day. Can you help me?
Why do people believe in numerology?
How do you set the gaps on spark plugs?
Can you explain to me what "i.e" means? When would I use this.
How can my child learn to play keyboard on their own?
Do you have any recipes for cocktails that specifically contain chocolate as a flavor/ingredient?
What's the best time of year to visit the North Pole?
Hi, I'd like to learn to make chicken soup. Can you give me a recipe for that?
I want to have a picnic lunch in a local park. What kinds of foods should I bring?
I'm taking a trip to Venice, Italy. Can you tell me the popular landmarks and attractions?
Do you think you can tell me how the black plague started?
How can I make ice cream at home?
What is diabetes insipidus?
I'm looking into different career avenues to decide what I might want to pursue. How do I start a podcast?
Is there any way to keep my cat from scratching the furniture?
What is the most popular name in the world?
How does a chiropractor help you?
Is Antarctica a continent?
I am doing some research and was wondering who the best NHL goaltender in history was. Can you help me out?
Whats the best way increase ones max bench press?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Posho?
Can you tell me which kind of wine pairs nicely with fish?
What are the most healthy vegetables I can eat?
How do I cite websites in an essay im writing
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lontong Sayur Medan?
Hi, I recently finished high school, and I'd like to become a policeman. Can you tell me what steps I need to take to achieve this goal?
Can you recommend some delicious vegan recipes?
What can I serve with pizza?
What should I do if my child is too afraid to pull her loose baby tooth out?
Let's do this. Had the worst sinus infection in my life for the past week and a half. Still feel like shit but that can be a blessing. My query, I am on my 4th day of a 5 day Z-Pak prescription. Gonna take the last pill in 8 hours. If this infection doesn't clear during the weekend should I go back and ask for a Cipro or Amox prescription.....typical antibiotic. I am gradually feeling better.
How do I make a Mexican vegetable soup?
How do I know if I am hard of hearing?
What does a Phd mean?
Is drinking coffee every day bad for my teeth? If so, what can I do to prevent problems?
Can you help me learn a little about bitcoin?
What's the best time to go to bed for optimal health?
How is scotch whisky made?
I need a new cell phone. Which one should I buy?
At what point in history did Christianity replace all other religions in Western Europe?
My friend has a drug test coming up and needs to know how long cocaine will stay in his system. Can you tell me this information?
What's faith healing?
what are some modern tv shows about superheroes?
When was the first camera invented?
What is Karsk?
What are some sweet treats I can make with my grilled cheese maker?
What is a good interest rate on a home loan
How do I make a tropical smoothie?
How do I clean an upholstered chair?
What's a good song for learning to play bass guitar?
What are the pros and cons of lithium batteries? I hear, for example, lithium typically degrades erratically.
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
I'd like to help a friend who's moving soon. Do you have any thoughtful pointers on how to help?
Would the USA be a safer country if everyone had a gun all the time?
what are some fun things to do with a small bouncy ball?
I need to make a fruit salad for a friend's picnic. Can you tell me what that is?
What are some cool things in the forest I can take pictures of?
does online shopping create a lot of waste?
I woke up with a really stiff neck that hurts when I try to turn my head. Can you help me manage the pain?
The following sentence is true. The previous sentence is false. Which of those two sentences is true?
What is a guide for becoming a social media influencer on YouTube?
How do you uninstall apps on Android phones?
Hi. I just learned of the term topographically agnostic. Can you tell me a little bit about what it is?
I'm learning a lot about science. Can you tell me about the scientific method? Explain its main concepts, please
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore
How do you take your coffee?
What is the difference between android 9 and android 11?
I've heard sniffing paint is bad for you. Why?
How many puppies do dogs usually have?
Are space heaters safe?
How far could a cannon be shot during the medieval period?
How do you balance on a skateboard?
my child likes sesame street. what are some other similar shows?
What are good places to visit in Nashville?
what are some finger play chants like five little monkeys?
What are some fun small toys to put in a pinata?
I need help choosing a home theater system
DO we know the reason that the Earth spins in the direction it does?
My mom makes some money doing secret shopping jobs. What exactly is secret shopping?
What are some gifts to buy from a kid who loves transformers?
How can I freeze pumpkin for later?
Was there a sequel made to Dirty Dancing?
How do I apply chalkboard paint to a wall?
Give me some example of famous pirates in history.
How do you unsubscribe from a YouTube channel?
What are some things I can dip in fondue?
Can you tell me which states in the US have the highest minimum wage?
I have a friend who died from depression. Does having depression deadly?
A tick bit me while I was on a hike yesterday. What should I do about the wound?
I have a DVD that has been scratched. Is there a good way to polish it smooth again so the DVD will play again?
What is a gender reveal party?
What are some educational gifts for a ten year old?
What are beautiful places I should visit in the world?
What does shonen anime refer to? I've been seeing this term a lot online and I don't know what it means.
What are some of the most popular Chinese foods or dishes?
How can I make a paper fan?
I would like to see the new Matrix movie. Could you tell me a little about the previous movies in the series so I can catch up?
What is one of the easiest businesses I can make money with?
What animal is the king of the jungle?
Should you dye your hair at home?
Do you know of ways one can relieve back pain outside of surgery and physical therapy?
How can I make a proper fire when out camping?
How do you do an update and then restart in Windows 10?
I fell in mud and now I have a stain on my jeans. Can you help me remove the stain?
How does home insurance work?
What are some little ways I can save money in my daily life?
What is a living will?
What is the best way to clean silver jewelry?
How do you tie a sailor's knot?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dobara?
What are some game animals that actually taste good?
Where is the biggest river on earth
I want to be a podcaster. How do I do that?
Can you help walk me through on how to change a car battery?
What are some methods for adding spiciness to food?
Do oranges have a lot of nutrients?
What is appropriate to wear to a funeral?
How many ounces should I drink in a day?
How much money should I have saved away in my emergency fund?
If I have a cut that is slightly green, what should I do?
what are some fun family board games?
Why don't cartoon characters wear pants?
I'm doing research on Coca-Cola. Can you help with a timeline of the product from inception?
How long does it take to oil fry a big turkey?
What's the best way to teach English to someone who doesn't know the language?
I am going on vacation soon.
How did the number "13" end up being unlucky?
Which common household chemical, is best for cleaning overall?
What is the best active quarterback right now?
How long do you have to wait before reporting a person as missing?
How do you remove glitters from skin?
What is the best type of wood to use as heat for grilling steak?
What animals are closely related to guiniea pigs?
What games are most similar to Kingdom Come?
Can you tell me how a microwave works
What are activities I can do at a lake?
How can I make my own guacamole at home?
Can you negotiate at the flea market?
Can I permanently straighten my hair at home?
How do you store unused Mozzarella cheese so it last longer?
Can you tell me what year the popular MMO World of Warcraft was released?
I have to write a school report on the greatest basketball players in NBA history. I know Michael Jordan should be included, but who else can I write about?
What is a gyro?
I noticed it was foggy this morning. I've heard that may be a sign of good weather to come?
how can I learn java script
Can you tell me what company produced the video game Persona 3?
Can you tell me about the history of the Empire State Building?
Why does it seem like the USA is one of the only countries where soccer isnt popular?
What are some good benchmarking programs I can run to test my video card?
What are the three branches of the US governmet?
How can I make french fries?
I want to make chocolate chip cookies using white chocolate and almond. Can you help me?
I want to comfort a friend who witnessed a car accident this month, and is still upset about it. Any thoughts?
I have just arrived in Thailand and want to travel to Pai. Can you tell me a few things that I can do there?
What safety equipment should you have on hand when you play with fireworks?
What are reasons I should not use a credit card?
How long does it take for a body to mummify?
What is UTC?
what are some good party ideas for a 50th birthday party
A friend of mine has recently lost a family member. What's the best way to organize a funeral service?
Will there be another shutdown with the new strain of covid
I took my car to be inspected and the mechanic told me it needed a new alternator. What is an alternator and what does it do?
What are some etiquette culture tips that you know of when traveling to Japan?
What country has the highest rate of alcohol consumption?
What can I do if I become temporarily homeless?
I need some plans for a cat tree that I can make at home. Can you help me with some ideas?
locate a good place to eat in Boston preferable local fare
Can you explain what cupping therapy is?
How can I learn basic HTML code?
I hear that people are saying their are shortages of food and supplies at their local stores. Why would this be happening?
What can I do to reduce my risk of heart attack?
What's the best way to stay protected, during a hail storm?
How can I calculate percentages fast?
Are zebras just funny looking horses?
How do I keep a Christmas tree alive for a month?
I'm learning about eggs. Can you explain to me the differences between organic versus pasture fed eggs?
How can I paint rocks for decorations?
There's a big meteor shower this weekend and I want to watch it with my boyfriend. What should I bring w/ me to make it special?
Do you know of any ways to help delay a jackolantern from rotting?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pīrādziņi?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the band The Who, as I hear they're fundamental to an understanding of rock and roll history. Can you help me put together a playlist of their best songs and albums?
What are the most healthy vegetables I can eat?
What can you tell me about the life of Vincent Van gogh
What are the most important features to look for in a smartphone?
Could you provide me some more information on the Black Sabbath album Heaven and Hell?
What year did the popular SNES game Super Mario World release?
Does France have free healthcare?
Why do people gets shots of vitamin D?
I'm trying to eat healthier so I lose weight. Can you tell me what some good weight loss foods are?
I need to buy my sister and brother in law some gifts. They are rich and have lots of nice things. I’m not rich. What do you think I should buy?
I want to host a high school reunion. How can I do this?
What are some good dog toys that can teach him problem solving?
Hi, my neighbor's car battery is dead, and they want my help jump starting it. Can you explain how to do that?
How do you check the air pressure in your car tires?
Where did the idea for a 5 day work week come from?
I get sunburned really easily. What are some ways I can protect my skin from the sun?
I'm looking to build muscle
How much sleep should a woman in her 30s be getting every night on average?
How long would it take for me to drive between London and Rome?
How do you play poker?
teach my fifth grader how to do percentages the easiest way
I would like to find some good mobile games to play for my commute.
What is the process of getting a tattoo removed? How painful is it?
I seem to forget the name of new people I meet often. Why do I forget their same shortly after being first told it?
Baseball seems to be a common interest in the U.S. Who are some of the historical players that are famous?
What are some interesting ways to eat English Muffins?
What are some fun things to do in Pittsburgh PA
Why does it feel weird to reconnect with someone you haven't seen in awhile?
Can you tell me instructions and a recipe for deep frying a Thanksgiving turkey?
My friend is pregnant with twins and is having a baby shower. What would be a good gift idea?
How do you make a backup in Windows 10?
How do I build personal integrity
How do I make prunes?
I'm starting up cycling as a hobby and I learned that many cyclists shave their legs. Is there any practical reason for this?
What are some kitchen tools I should have if I fry a lot?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pempek?
How do I get more romance back into my relationship with my significant other?
I want to get a new cat and was curious about how to introduce it to my other cat. Can you help?
How many parts, including screws and bolts, does the average car have?
What are fun ideas for a mermaid party?
I am trying to make crepes for breakfast for my girlfriend this morning but I have never made them before. Can you help me out?
How can I remove screws that have been stripped?
I'm trying to decide on a type of mattress
What are some hearty recipes for mac and cheese?
Can you give me a recipe for something when I only have one carrot, two potatoes, one cucumber, one red onion, some lentils, frozen peas and jasmine rice?
Do you need a passport to go on a cruise?
Do you know how to help someone when they experience a panic attack?
How do you use a karaoke machine?
Can you do a cost benefit ratio on commuting further for a better job?
How do I become a preschool teacher?
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
What are some ways to clean hands without water?
What are some of the best action movies from the 1990s?
What is the best way to debone a turkey?
What software should I use for editing videos?
How do you get a replacement Social Security card?
How long do LED bulbs last?
I'm visiting Portugal. Can you teach me some common phrases in Portuguese?
What can you do in Central Park?
I need to know how to make a mojito.
How do I clean a chimney?
Is it true that Cocaine was in Coke Cola at one time?
Why do dogs act like they are always hungery?
What's a good song for a first dance at a wedding?
I'm trying to give up soda. What are some flavorful but healthier drinks?
What are some fun crafts for kids to do on easter?
Who won the World Cup in 2020?
I'm hosting a get together and trying to think of unconventional foods that people will enjoy. I'm tired of the hamburgers and hot dogs fare that everyone else does but I don't want to get too weird and have half the people not like the food. Any ideas?
What song should I pick for karaoke?
How do you clean the inside of an oven?
What is there to do at Coney Island, New York?
Apples are more available, now that harvest is done. What are the best selling types of apples available now?
I have a hard time getting up early in the morning. How can I become more of a morning person?
What are some tips for gun safety that I should know?
What day to clocks get turned back for the end of Daylight Savings Time?
Can you recommend me some nutritionally dense, non-perishable foods that I can take on a long hiking trip? Preferably foods that don't require cooking or preparation before eating.
Can you describe to me what the differences of broth and stock are? I need to know this for a future recipe
What can I feed a rabbit?
What are tips for long lasting marriages?
how can i stop my child's friend from bullying her?
I have to write a paper about any major historical event outside of America but I'm overwhelmed, there are so many options. Do you have any recommendations?
What does a cpap do?
What is a good salsa recipe using chiltepines?
What time of the year is it best to plan turnips in Maryland?
What was the Mexican American War like
Why do some people live in the past
Where should I shop for a good motorcycle helmet?
What does consuming too much sugar do to a person?
How do you study for the SAT test?
How do I set up a tee time for a golf game?
I got grease stain on my shirt. Is there any way to remove it?
How do you avoid the flu?
Who wrote Afternoon Delight?
What can I do on Easter Island?
How do you charge the battery from a cordless power tool?
What is Times Square in New York?
Pulitzer prize winning writers, inspire me. What's the best way to get that award?
What vaccines are typically recommended or required for traveling to East African countries?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. Can you give me a recipe for Chasseur Sauce?
What is the best place to buy DIY materials?
What do you do if you start skidding in snow?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Zrir?
How do I put together a good resume and cover letter?
I have to write about a famous historical event that took place at the beginning of the Twentieth Century, can you help?
How do I make pasta from zucchini?
I like going to Starbucks at times. Right now, I wanna make one of their drinks at home. Do you know the steps of how I can make a Starbucks salted caramel mocha?
How do I get myself to drink more water?
What is love?
Hi, I'd like to make my own cheese ravioli. Can you give me a recipe for doing that?
How do I spot a rainbow?
I've wondered about Tony Robbins. I have some of his work. Do you think his method, actually works?
How do you listen to audio books on Amazon?
Can you walk me through a recipe for baking my own pizza?
What is the easiest instrument to learn?
Hey, do you know CBT?
What foods are high in iron?
What are some industrial uses for Rutile?
Is empty space made up of any gasses?
how does the internet works?
What is considered the most effective form of birth control, commercially available? It seems that birth control pills, condoms, vasectomies, are tops in the list.
Have any dog food brands been shown to increase a dogs life expectancy?
What is the How the Grinch Stole Christmas movie about?
What is Homeland Security?
How many languages do you know?
What was Albert Einstein's most prolific work?
Where did the original stuffed teddy bear originate?
Can you suggest ways to keep my mind sharp as I get older?
Alanis Morissette is pretty talented. What is her career background?
Can I make a doctors appointment for my daughter?
What does a contractor do?
What are some animals that hibernate?
What kind of online teacher can I be?
Hello! Do you know anything about how to get famous and make money on youtube?
I know a cousin, who is considering becoming a part of the clergy. What is the process for becoming a nun or a priest, in the Catholic Church?
How long do Cyber Monday sales go on for?
What skills do I need to become a dog walker?
Should I kill my garden spiders?
Are revolvers really more reliable than semi-automatic handguns?
What is a cover letter?
How do I develop a poker face?
what are some forest animals i can teach my kids about?
What can I use to sooth dry legs?
What is a good solution when your dog gets too old for going on walks but still wants to go?
How can I get better at resisting cravings for food?
How do car transmissions work?
Is this year supposed to have an El Nino weather pattern?
Is burning man a heathen festival?
What are some good ways to celebrate 4th of july at home?
What are some good places to go in Brazil?
What are the dangers of boxing?
How can I get my credit report?
What are the origins of the Super Bowl and how did it get its start?
what is a Boston cooler?
I just adopted a pet dog. What are some good toys that I should get for it?
Can I perm my hair at home?
Is it hard to learn to play the guitar?
Where is the highest ferris wheel?
What should I bring to Chile
Why my dog likes to sleep in my room at night
How do you scratch an itchy part on you back if you can't reach it?
Can you explain how to use commas and punctuations in a sentence?
What is a beginner Yoga pose?
What are some comfortable pants styles for girls?
How do I know if I am hard of hearing?
Besides the interest for saving money in a bank, what are other possible ways to passively earn income?
If military time is so much better, why doesn't everyone use it?
How do you figure out how many square inches are in a sphere?
How can I learn how to play the drums?
Find Alexandra Paul movies
how do i have a good handshake?
how do you adjust the way file explorer display the content?
What do I do about a cracked front tooth?
Which brand of shoe should I buy for running?
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
I'm looking for a new desktop computer
I have some silver jewelry that I need to clean but am unsure how. Can you help me to learn some easy ways that I could clean this jewelry?
What are some nice light beers to try
How do Istart a fruit garden?
When can kids start eating candy?
What can I see in Rome?
Hi, I'd like to learn how to make a poultice. Can you explain how to do that?
How do I learn to do a handstand?
What is a weeping willow?
A friend of mine is considering getting a perm. I'm unsure long-term that's a good choice. How does chemically treating your hair to have a permanent wave, impact its long-term health?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sicilian Blood Orange Salad?
How do you know what emojis mean?
Get a chocolate cupcake recipe
Is it safe to vacation to Thailand?
Who created the Mickey Mouse character?
What water temperature will prevent stains from setting into clothes?
How can I learn to remain calm in a stressful situation?
How do I pick out my signature perfume scent?
How can I talk like a pirate?
I'm trying to make pesto using fresh basil. I have a recipe but perhaps you have a better recipe.
How do I make Indonesian fried rice?
What items should be in a first aid kit?
Do I need to buy whipping cream to make whipped cream, or can I just get the cream out of raw milk and use that?
I have a zipper that broke on a technical jacket and I've decided to just fuse the zipper up rather than get it repaired. Will superglue stick to zipper teeth?
How can you donate food to help people this Thanksgiving?
I'm thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend. What's the best way to go about it?
What is a good gift for my elderly grandma who is in a nursing home?
How do I get rid of odors in the interior of a car?
how is silk harvested from meal worms?
How can I repair a broken laptop screen?
What are some snacks I can have to help me cram for a test?
Can dolphins sing?
I am doing some research in to the American Declaration of Independence. Can you tell me a brief history of it?
Can you describe how the traffic laws work for road cyclists in the US?
Why shouldn't I drink plastic water bottles?
I want to know about the computer language Java.
I'm learning about irony and want to know about the three types of irony.
Is a petting zoo fun for kids?
how can I invest in crypto
How do you differentiate recyclable plastic from the non-recyclable one?
Are there colors that human eyes cant see nor perceive?
If out space is black, why is the sky blue?
Who discovered the USA?
Can you help me determine the right type of fertilizer for a tree?
Is carbonated water, very healthy to drink? I mean just water with CO2 infused?
What Year was Duke Nukem 3D released?
Can you teach me how I can make my own spaghetti at home?
Pulitzer prize winning writers, inspire me. What's the best way to get that award?
I'm really into trading card collecting and want to find some more to collect. Do you know what the first trading card game was?
what can i get my wife for our 25th anniversary?
How can I use hot dogs in my dishes?
Hi! I'm trying to cook jackfruit for the first time to fit my new vegan diet. Do you have any recipes or advice on how to best cook jackfruit?
Will Covid-19 ever be over?
How old was Elvis Presley when he died?
Where is Havana located?
I was thinking about the company Microsoft when I was upgrading my computer yesterday. Can you tell me when it was founded?
Can you tell me which company developed the first cola, pepsi or coke?
How do you become a news anchor?
What should I stuff my turkey with
How do you make a backup in Windows 10?
What should I consider when converting to LED lights?
Where can I take my kids within the United States to see nice natural waterfalls?
looking to clean my dirty bathtub
Can you teach me how to get a motorcycle license?
How do I make a mini golf course for my backyard?
Search for Janet Jackson songs
What is a fantasy book you would recommend for young adults?
Should I eat organic vegetables?
Can you give me a recipe and some tips for fettucine alfredo?
Hi, I recently purchased a Tokay gecko. What do I need to do, and buy, to care for it?
Can you help me make some chocolate chip cookies?
What is a good brand of soccer cleat?
I want to get a puppy for my family, but I'm not sure what breed to get. Can you help me find a breed that is calm and good with kids?
What is bipolar disorder?
My son wants to get his first pet. I'm not sure what type of pet would be best for him.
Hi, I'd like to start including barbell squats in my workout. Can you explain how this exercise is performed?
How do you preorder something?
Do you think you can explain how to use a rice cooker properly?
Can you eat green tomatoes?
I wonder why I can't put saltwater fish in a freshwater tank?
What are some common types of mushrooms that I can cook with?
What is Linkedin?
What is ballet?
How can I learn to swim?
What TV shows were cancelled in 2020?
Do you have any advice for how to help someone who suffers from low self esteem?
Which items should I have to be prepared for a power outage?
find an affordable vacation spot for under five hundred in Vegas
Would a toy designer be a fun career?
What's another good band like the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
find a new job and need interview techniques
How can I care for stray cats?
How long does it take to create a new breed of dog?
What is a late fee on a credit card and how do you avoid them?
Does getting your ears pierced hurt?
Is an immersion environment good to learn a new language?
Ronan Farrow is a skilled journalist. His mother has implied his father might be Frank Sinatra. Have you heard about that?
Have you ever told a lie?
Can you tell me what the difference is between an anxiety attack and just feeling stressed out?
Search for a deep fried oreos recipe
What are some good places to take kids for a day trip?
What time of the year is it best to visit Japan?
How do I make a mug cake?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sinangag?
How do you put grease into a grease fitting?
I need advice on how to go about adopting a pet from a shelter
Does Walmart accept ApplePay?
what's a good place to listen to music for free online?
Can you help me help someone have an easier time get up in the morning?
How do you stretch your legs out when you have cramps?
Hi, I'm looking for exercises to develop my wrist extensors. Can you suggest some, and tell me how to perform them?
Are tigers dangerous?
Can you tell me how hone air conditioners work?
How can I reduce the amount of hair that my dog sheds?
I need to do a project for my art class and I want help writing a plan for it.
Should I not be washing my eyes after staring at the computer monitor all day?
Why didn't people treat cigarette smoke as poisonous back in the old days?
Can you tell me who invented the first TV
christmas is coming around what should i get my family
My bottom bracket of my bicycle is making a lot of clicking and squeaking sounds. What could this mean?
What does the Goodwill do?
How do I make sushi at home?
What would be a good wedding gift from a group of people?
Is a cockatiel a good pet?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
What is the right way to wear wedding rings?
what are some different kinds of cheese fondue?
Can you help me understand copyright infringement? If I own a piece of music, why can I not make a copy of it and give it to my friend?
Can you tell me what my used car is worth?
How do I lay bricks?
I need some information on what type of cat food is better for my new cat, wet or dry food. Can you help me?
I need help disabling the shutter volume on my iPhone camera. Do you know where I can access that?
What is hollandaise sauce?
How do you convert wav files to mp3?
Who are some Greek gods I should learn about?
Is archery easy to learn?
How can I make a salad from home?
What is the level of ocean acidification?
How do I have a casual conversation with my boss?
I need to do a factory reset on the computer. Can you help me figure out the steps I must take? It's a Surface Go.
I have tickets to a music festival. What can I expect from the festival?
What is the best way to tell your friend you don't like her husband?
What is the warmest material they make sweaters out of?
What was The Holocaust?
What are Siamese twins?
How would I renew my drivers license in the state of New York?
What would the symbol be for Aries?
I'm going to Russia and need to learn how to say certain points of interest.
Can you recommend a new book to read? I like classic novels.
How do I groom my dog?
How do I know if my parent has dementia?
What age is too late to learn a new career?
I know a cousin, who is considering becoming a part of the clergy. What is the process for becoming a nun or a priest, in the Catholic Church?
I want to learn about the history of iPhone.
John William Waterhouse, the painter, made art with such grace and beauty. I wonder what his most popular painting was?
How can I hug someone so that they'll feel loved?
Which company developed the video game console Xbox 360?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Madfouna?
What kind of flowers can survive well in the winter months?
I'm trying to gather information on Rocco's Basilisk for a presentation. What can you tell me about that?
I need to explain to my supervisors at work how switching to solar energy to power our factory is a good thing to do. I want to have a good argument to give to them why we should switch to solar energy. Other than the effect on the environment what else can I tell them to persuade them?
How many versions of the movie Fame are there?
I'm want to bake a Strawberry Shortcake, do you know a recipe?
What is the fastest way to paint a room
Did ancient Egyptians wear pajamas?
How do I decrease my power bill?
Why is the sky blue?
How much activity does a dog need?
Hi! I'm trying to celebrate my dog's fourteenth birthday and need some party planning help.
Do ketchup stains come out of denim pants?
Please compile a list of the most common text acronyms used by teens.
Is it okay to bury a dead cat in your yard?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Eggplant Caponata?
How do I become a better soccer player?
Does flannel keep you warm?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Saice?
Can you give me a few joke examples that would be appropriate at work?
How long does it take to cook spaghetti?
What are some fun tv shows to watch with kids?
I need help planning a trip to Disney Land
Could you give me a couple recommendations on bands similar to Black Sabbath?
Search for Sylvia Browne's most popular books
Do you know any knock-knock jokes
I want to learn more about Edgar Allan Poe, can you help me?
The show Cheers was popular for many years. I wonder how long it was around, and if they won awards?
Can you tell me the best method to whiten my teeth without getting it done by a professional?
How do you measure your bra size?
Can you identify gift experiences appropriate for adventurous people?
What is the difference between a CV and a resume?
It seems like people are so divided by politics nowdays, has it always been this bad?
I want to learn more about the Bay Barnacle. Do you know if they are native to Europe?
How do you prepare a ham for Thanksgiving?
I'm looking for a new desktop computer
What are some places I can ride a luxury train?
How do I spot a rainbow?
why do people like donald trump?
Where did the tradition of diamond wedding rings come from?
I just saw Australian rules football on TV. Can you explain the rules of the game to me?
Who invented Duct Tape?
Why do people cut their bird's feathers?
What is the popular dishes that Irish and Scottish eat?
I'm doing a research paper on MK Ultra. What can you tell me about that?
What is the best at home DIY stain solution?
How do I alleviate UTI pain?
How do I make sure my WiFi is secure?
How can I get better at fact checking and figuring out if things are true or false?
Why are some people allowed to amass so much money?
What can my kids learn from Barney?
Search for blueberry nut bread
How can I help a hoarder clean up?
What does gluten free mean?
How can I teach a toddler to stand on one leg?
Who invented instant ramen?
How do you convert wav files to mp3?
How do I remove dark circles from under my eyes?
What is FDIC?
Do you know if it's legal to have a pet pig in Maryland?
Can you give me directions for playing the game solitaire?
Hi, how does a touch screen phone work?
How do I get a cashier's check?
What are some major breakthroughs that have been made in the materials science world.
which country has the biggest army in the world? which country has the smallest army in the world?
How can I make vegetables taste better?
How can I shrink jeans without a dryer?
I'm trying to find new music to listen to
Can you list some use for liquid nitrogen?
What is sepsis?
what's a good place to listen to music for free online?
Do you know any good jokes?
Are Uggs boots still in style?
How do I learn to roller blade?
Can you help me write a birthday card for my sister?
What are some fun mug cakes I can make?
Find Cardi B songs
How do you help a dog that has anxiety?
How do you turn on the built-in firewall in Win 10?
I've heard of EGOT winners, and wondered who might be on the list?
I've heard that dew on the ground, usually means good weather will be happening. Is that true?
How can I teach myself to snowboard?
In investments, what's the best retirement fund to put your money into?
I noticed it was foggy this morning. I've heard that may be a sign of good weather to come?
How do you write data to a recordable DVD?
Is a dog a good companion for my elderly aunt?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
Can you help me to learn when slavery began in the USA?
What is clam chowder?
What are ways to comfort someone that has lost a pet?
I'm thinking about getting a smartphone, do you think it's a good idea?
What's in an Old Fashioned Cocktail? I want to make one.
What is a direct cremation?
What is a good gift for my elderly grandma who is in a nursing home?
How can I show my child to carry a number when adding double digits?
Can bats see with their eyes or are they blind?
What are some good board games for adults?
How do I organize my extra bedding?
Should I eat wheat spaghetti instead of flour spaghetti because I have diabetes type 2?
How can I be a better boxer?
What is the proper way to set a table? I am having a nice dinner party and am unsure of this information.
I don
what are some fun games from nintendo switch?
What is the best way to tell your friend you don't like her husband?
I'm trying to decide on a type of mattress
I'd like to move to a city with a lot of older adult singles. I'm in my 30s and still unmarried. What cities would you recommend?
What part of Germany does German chocolate cake come from?
How do I know if my vision is getting worse?
What do they mean when they say, a phone has a lot of bloatware? What is bloatware?
How do I keep plaque off my teeth?
Can you negotiate at the flea market?
Which credit card gives the most cash back?
What is the best selling type of ice cream in the US?
When did the Pokémon Trading Card game release in the United States?
Which books do you recommend for children learning to read?
I'm trying to learn about investing. Can you tell me what the meaning of bear and bull markets are?
How do I learn how to do origami?
How are robots used in restaurants?
How come I always cut myself when I shave?
What happened at the Boston Tea Party?
Can bats see with their eyes or are they blind?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Georgian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Khinkali?
How do I put out a kitchen fire?
What is the Hoover Dam?
How can I make time for cooking? It seems I never have time.
How do I take crisper looking photos?
Why is the USA so polarized when it comes to politics?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Polenta?
Since Corona Virus came around recently, why are theirs so many conspiracies about how it happened and about the vaccine
What does it mean when a baby animal imprints?
Hey, me and my boyfriend are in our twenties and are looking to move to a new city. Could you help with some recommendations on cities we might want to move to?
What are the odds that Kansas will overtake Kentucky in all time NCAA men's basketball wins this year? I am sure there is a betting line on that somewhere.
I want to get a library card so I can borrow a book from the library. What is the process for applying for a card?
If you could visit one city in Europe, which would you go to?
How should I feed a goldfish?
Where is the Terlingua International Chili Championship held?
What are some farm animals I can teach my toddler about?
How do you register a car?
How do metal detectors work?
What kind of toys would a cat like?
Do you have any good suggestions of what to do with old coffee grinds?
What can you see in Rome?
How many hours a day should I let my kids play video games?
What are some good toppings for yogurt?
I want to donate to a charity, but I've heard that some charities don't use the money for what they say they do. How do I find out which charities are worthwhile?
What are some beans I can make refried beans from?
Hi, how does your body know you're sick and then work to eliminate whatever is making you sick?
What are some things I can mix in muffins?
I have to get a refrigerator up to my 2nd floor apartment. How can I do this on my own?
What is the short game?
Search for Kevin James movies
do you believe in the illuminati?
I have some work to do while traveling and my hotel doesn't have my room available for a few more hours. What businesses have WiFi available so I can sit and work in the meantime?
I heard the song "ring around the Rosie" was about the plague. Is this true?
What should I do if the news always makes me depressed?
Do you have any tips on how to keep fruits fresh longer?
how is wool from sheep processed?
My ear feels really stuffed up and I'm having trouble hearing out of it. What could this be?
I just moved across the country from my friends and family. How can I keep in touch with them?
What items should I keep in my wallet?
I want to get a puppy for my family, but I'm not sure what breed to get. Can you help me find a breed that is calm and good with kids?
How do I use coupons to save money?
Does moving south help your health?
Can you give me underwater photography tips?
How can I log my daily physical activity to measure my fitness?
Do you know how I can build a tree house for my kids?
How do you get a scholarship?
Should I get a cast or an operation on my broken arm?
I'm visiting London for the first time. Can you suggest any popular tourist attractions or landmarks?
Could you provide me some more information on the Black Sabbath album Heaven and Hell?
How can I quickly raise a low credit score?
Was Jesse James really an outlaw?
What will remove cigarette odor from a room?
Are cheesecakes easy to make?
How long has the Macy's Thanksgiving day parade been going on?
what was the number one song for March 1966
I'd like to sign up for Amazon Prime but I don't know how to navigate the website. Can you help me get started?
Is being a vegetarian better than eating meat? What are the benefits of being a vegetarian? The cons of being a vegetarian?
What do wild rabbits eat?
what is the most haunted place in the world?
What should I consider if I'm thinking of getting dreadlocks?
What are the benefits of a health savings account?
What’s the capital of Spain?
What should I have for dinner?
Why does hair turn gray as people get older?
Is it ok to go on an elephant safari?
I have a kitchen cabinet that has a loose knob. What are quick ways to fix it? I don't have a replacement knob at this moment.
What does a notary do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Matoke?
I want to put together a classic Italian dinner. What types of dishes should I include?
How long does it take an average person to walk a mile?
How much interest does a U.S Treasury bond pay?
What are the most common questions that people regularly ask a chatbot?
I need to buy a new hardcore gaming PC. Which is the best one currently on the market? I play lots of FPS games so I want it to be very powerful!
Why do we eat turkey for Thanksgiving
How can I write a movie script?
Can you help me to understand what stoicism is?
I'm trying to get in better shape. How many steps should I take each day?
Is frozen yogurt better for you then ice cream?
How do nonprofits work? If they don't make profit, how do they keep operating?
What is the EPA?
Find Burt Reynolds movies
Do you know of any software or apps that help a person manage their finances?
What are some good snack ideas for a toddler?
Can you tell me the cooking time for a cut of beef in the oven?
How can I start living a more minimal lifestyle?
When I make chile rellenos, the chiles are not blackened and blistered like I wish they were. What can I do when cooking them to ensure they are blackened and blistered?
How do you brown ground beef?
Is it a good idea to rent, or is it a better idea to get a mortgage?
What kind of supplies should I make sure I have for a long hike?
If I like music by Fiona Apple, what other artists would I like?
I'm trying to figure out how to best train an AI assistant. How should I go about doing that?
How do I give my dog a rabies shot?
What are some good hiding places for cash?
What tips do you have for decorating my home?
I need to book a trip to cancun
How do I cite my sources in an essay?
How can I learn to speak russian?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Liang Mien?
Should I not be washing my eyes after staring at the computer monitor all day?
I'm curious about the symptoms of drug withdrawal in a newborn that was exposed to drugs due to the mothers drug usage during pregnancy. Can you tell me about the symptoms a newborn may experience as they withdraw from the drug?
How can I live without social media?
How do I prepare for my first time skydiving?
Can you help me find an awd car near me?
What are some good books for babies?
What tips do you have for making pesto?
What are some low residue foods I can have?
My boyfriend is a big sports fan. What are some gift ideas to help him cheer for his favorite team?
Teaching a child how to convert a percent to a decimal
How do I make rice balls?
What is HTTP?
Can you help me learn a few common Norwegian phrases?
Hi, I'd like a permit to hunt game here. Any idea how I go about getting one?
Who were The Five Nations? I know one was Mohawk but what about the other four?
Please compile a list of the tallest buildings currently in the world.
I want to purchase a men's suit, but I don't know what I am looking for or how to get started.
Can you give me instructions for framing a doorway?
Would you be able to explain the differences between the Spanish and Italian language?
How can you dry out a wet basement?
How can I make my PC run faster?
What steps should I take to keep my kitchen knives sharp?
What should I do if the news always makes me depressed?
How do I know if I have skin cancer?
I'm trying to know how to tell if my dog gets cold in the winter
Should I buy disposable batteries or rechargeable batteries?
What's the best way to get a grass stain out of jeans?
What is oat milk made out of?
Hi, assistant
I need some information on what type of cat food is better for my new cat, wet or dry food. Can you help me?
I'm reading about the Han Dynasty. Can you tell me what inventions they brought forth?
I'm thinking about buying a new car. Can you recommend a small car that is environmentally friendly?
I want to take Zumba Gold classes. Do you know anything about it?
How do I train for as weight lifting competition?
How much would it cost to go from New York City to Washington DC on Amtrak?
What are you up to?
Which brand of shoe should I buy for running?
What is deep cleaning teeth?
Fix a small dent in my car
I always wanted to play guitar.
How do I raise a tree frog?
If I know a hurricane is on the way what can I do to protect my house from damage?
Is a guinea pig a good pet?
Can you explain the function of chromosomes?
What are signs that someone is suicidal?
Hey, my friend is a new mom and has become very quiet in our group chats and not available to hangout. I understand she's building her new family, but I also want to let her know that I'm here to be her friend and support her in this journey
Hi, I really want to learn the key to financial freedom, but unfortunately lack financial freedom. Could you help me?
How do I clean a grill?
What's the most common flavor of cough drop? There's so many flavors out there.
What is the main reason that people get divorced?
I have a kettlebell but don't know what to do with it. Do you know any exercises I can do with it?
I am writing a paper about Elon Musk. Can you tell me the most important contributions he has made to the scientific community?
I would like to know more about literature. Who are some of the best US fiction authors?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of The Kinks. Can you help me make a playlist of their most popular and highly-regarded songs?
how do i win an ebay auction?
How can I get a tan in the winter?
What are some good stocks to invest into in the tech field?
Why is lead considered toxic?
Can you tell me the price difference of buying tickets to Disneyland presale instead of at the park?
Hi, I recently inherited a Lee-Enfield Mk III rifle, and I'd like to learn how to operate it. Can you explain this to me, starting with what kind of ammo to use, and how to load the weapon safely?
Is there a certain way that firewood should be stacked for storage?
what are some fun games for a family field day?
Why do people get tattoo's?
Is the current temperature higher than average for November?
How do I relieve muscle soreness?
I want to stop smoking, but I'm having a hard time. People tell me vaping is a good way to stop. Is this true?
I'm travelling overseas and need to ask for the bar or pub. Can you help me?
Could you give me a couple recommendations on bands similar to Black Sabbath?
I am struggling with staying organised in my life, can you give me some suggestions to stay more organised?
Does moving south help your health?
When was the Eiffel Tower constructed?
Describe how to climb a flight of stairs.
Do leggings or jeans look better?
Search for a cheesecake brownie recipe
Why do a lot of Disney's children's movies show characters smoking? Isn't smoking bad for you?
Why do we eat turkey for Thanksgiving
What are Jennifer Aniston's most popular movies?
How long does it take the average person to build up enough endurance to run a marathon?
How can I boost my immune system?
What pain reliever is safest to take long term?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zlabia?
What are some easy desserts my kid can take to school?
how do i become a civil engineer?
How do you keep score for the game of golf?
Can you give some examples of tea producing countries?
Does stress give you wrinkles?
Why do people like to play Bingo?
What actor plays Alex Karev
Can you help me learn more about President Herbert Hoover?
How do I learn to cut with a knife faster?
Find Shakira songs
Which country produces the most coffee in the world?
What are some ways I can improve my posture?
How many naps should a one year old need?
how can i show appreciation for my doctor?
Can you explain volume price analysis to me?
Can you help me understand what geocaching is?
Search for a sloppy joe sandwich recipe
What are some good scents for the house?
What is dialysis?
How do I know if I have bed bugs?
What is the best type of wood to use for a tobacco pipe?
Why is the Vietnam War considered a failed war?
I'm trying to learn more about penguins, can you provide me some general information about them?
What are the best action games for Playstation 4?
How many UNESCO World Heritage sites does the United States have?
Can you tell me how best to care for a lavender plant?
Can you recommend a few movies I can watch with my nephew? He's an average 13 year old boy.
Guide me on how to dice an avocado please
What are Lady Gaga's best songs?
How do i get a baby used to his new nanny?
What is an amended tax return?
It's daylight savings time soon in Utah. What day is it?
I'm trying to find a good Christmas movie to watch. Preferably a classic
Do you like stories?
What are the pros and cons of rechargeable batteries?
What is Dustin hoffman's best film?
What's a good dinner to make for a first date?
What are some artists I might like if I like Michael Jackson?
I am trying to remove clumps or knots of hair from my cat's coat. What can I do to make this process easier for both them and me?
How do I make a taco salad?
What is a good way to keep a small room warm without a heater?
I need some advice. My cat excessively begs for food. We took her to the vet and she is in good health. She is 17 years old. Her meows get louder and louder and more frequent. They begin moments after she has finished her food.
How do I control my emotions in an argument?
How do home vacuums work?
Hello, Can you help me make a basic webpage?
At what age can I be a babysitter?
How do I make my car smell good?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Pinolillo?
Who was Butch Cassidy?
Find Johnny Depp movies
How do you setup an individual camping tent?
Which company is the biggest manufacturer of bottled water?
How long is a mayor's term in office?
I'm looking for band recommendations that are similar to Saitama Saisyu Heiki.
It has recently turned cold in my area, which causes a dilemma for me. I had been walking every morning but now that it is cold I don't see the purpose of walking in the cold. Is there any added benefits to braving it out and walking in the cold weather?
Can you help me learn some information about Woodrow Wilson?
I'm thinking about doing a skydive, do you recommend it?
What is intermittent fasting?
Was Marco Polo an actual real explorer that shared his tales of travel in the far east upon his return to Europe?
I want to stay at home and binge watch a tv show this weekend. My favorite show is True Blood. Can you recommend similar shows?
What types of fruit trees can I plant in my garden that can handle cold winters?
I need another water heater. Is a bigger one more efficient than a smaller one?
How do you upload files to cloud storage?
How did people cope with hot weather during the medieval period?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chaloko?
My aunt is coming to Thanksgiving and she's vegan. Do you know of any good Vegan dishes?
what is the largest turkey ever recorded
I'm having a tooth pulled so I won't be able to eat solid food for a few days. What are some soft foods I can eat instead?
Please tell me what games require a deck of cards?
I've thought of J. K. Rowling and her Harry Potter books. Which one was the best seller, and how wealthy is she?
What are some easy to grow plants I can have on a window sill?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Adena Kabab Lamb?
I hear that the brain blocks traumatic memories. Why does it do this?
Is Alkaline water better for you?
Who is making the better cpu these days? AMD or Intel?
Search for Janet Jackson songs
How do I take on more responsibility at work?
If someone becomes an alcoholic, can they ever stop being an alcoholic or is it for life?
What is an LLC?
Are there any precautions I need to take when using my motorcycle in the wintertime?
Do you have a recipe for nachos?
How do I prepare frozen spinach?
I want to make deep dish pizza.
Can you give me a good recipe to cook wings in the oven?
Do you have any tips for how to find cheap flights?
Can you explain what the phases of the moon are?
Can you help me find information to decide on which Hawaiian island I should visit?
I have been a Microsoft Windows user for many years. I am about to make a new PC purchase and I'm considering switching to Apple, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea. Should I make the jump or is it better to go with the "devil I know"?
I'm going to lend someone some money, but want to draw up a contract first. How do I make a legally binding one?
Can you tell me about the earth's moon?
How do I build my dropshipping store? I have it set up to launch and products, and I've even made some tiktoks to advertise my content but I'm new to this and I don't have any orders yet
What are some everyday adult skills I should have or develop in my 20s?
What is the cause of acid reflux?
How can I calculate if it is worth it to buy a second home to rent out?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
Can you help me to understand why World War 1 started?
Any advice on how I can quit my smoking addiction?
What should I buy my dog for Christmas
Can you play android mobile games on a chromebook?
What does Seven Wonders of the world represent?
How can I get more respect at work?
What do I need to brew beer at home?
What was the most popular game for the Super Nintendo console?
Animal Farm by Orwell, was quite a dark tale. I'm curious about how the author came up with the book.
Please tell me about See's Candies. Why is it so well known and pricey compared to other candies?
I'd like to move to a new country. Can you recommend one that is peaceful, safe and beautiful?
I want to learn some self defense moves. How can I do that?
How many miles is it to cross the entire globe in a straight line?
I'm having a weed problem in my garden, what are some steps I can take to reduce the amount of weeds growing?
how do i reduce inflammation of the gums?
What are the intended use of snowshoes?
What are some things I can put in my soup for a crunch?
What is a good vegetarian option for Thanksgiving get togethers?
Hey! I work in a bar, and often I work until 3am, but I'm trying to get on a better sleep schedule so that I don't sleep past 1pm so often
I want to make perogies from scratch. Can you help?
I wanna learn how to brew my own beer
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
I would like to learn more about Theodore Roosevelt.
What are the pros and cons of building large walls at the border to keep illegal immigrants out?
What is polenta?
is having a horse expensive?
when does implantation occur during pregnancy in humans?
I am trying to find a hotel to stay in for my visit to Paris, France. Can you help?
What are some items I could put in a gift basket?
What were the 13 colonies?
How can I make pancakes from scratch?
How can I support my friend who is coming out?
Is the Sun a star?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pastelitos?
How do I edit an essay I wrote?
How do you clean the inside of an oven?
How do I learn to run long distances, to improve my endurance?
What time of the year is it best to hunt Rabbit in Maryland?
Translate this sentence to how a lawyer would say it: "Don't make illegal copies or we'll sue you for everything you own"
How do I break it to my child that his grandpa passed away?
What is a POS system?
I wanna learn how to brew my own beer
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cook-up rice?
I need to teach a child the meaning of exponential notation
I heard that Paris has a rich cultural history. Can you tell me more about it?
Are there any ways to reduce the itch from a mosquito bite?
I would like to know what "critical race theory" is?
Who was Butch Cassidy?
Why did the temperature drop 30 degrees today
How do you remove sweat stains from white clothes?
My indoor cat got outside, how can I lure him back into the house?
How do I build my dropshipping store? I have it set up to launch and products, and I've even made some tiktoks to advertise my content but I'm new to this and I don't have any orders yet
How do dogs get heartworm?
What should you wear to a funeral?
Who is Mitch McConnell?
What is the best selling video game ever made? I assume its a Call of Duty title.
How do I do a nerf gun war?
How can I make a cat purr?
How can I comfort a person that is grieving?
How can I use Google scholar to do a research paper?
Would you pass the Turing test?
Find a braised short ribs recipe
What can I use to slick down my hair?
Assistant, I'm feeling pretty down today.
How can I grill catfish?
I've just had back surgery and can't move vigorously. My wife and I want to get back in the saddle, if you catch my drift. What are some good, low-impact, back-safe sexual positions?
How come my car won't start?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Griķi?
I am going on vacation soon.
I'm trying to cut back on junkfood. What are some healthy snack alternatives?
If I visit Area 51 what can I see?
What makes a reptile cold blooded, as compared to a hot blooded mammal?
What is the reason to celebrate Christmas?
What are some mid range hotel chains?
Can you tell me about 'roid rage'? why do people on steroids tend to get angry easier?
How do I remove bathroom tile?
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
How do I give a shoulder massage?
What sort of long-term effects does caffeine have on the body?
What do I do if my kid gets too much homework?
What should be my major in college? I can't decide between music and science.
Why does my skin get more dry in cold weather?
How do I use a hot glue gun?
Is it bad to have very narrow interest and not doing much of anything else if this narrow interest still makes you happy?
How do you write an obituary?
I have to write an essay for college about contemporary literature. Can you tell me the best way to structure it?
What is the best oil for cooking Chinese food?
Could you tell me more about the Disney movie Lilo & Stitch?
What is the best California Lottery to play if you want to win money?
What are some ways I can accentuate plants in my garden?
Does getting a college education, lead to longer life expectancy overall? I've wondered.
What is a grand jury?
What is the longest word in the English language
What do I do if I meet up with my friend and she is glued to her phone?
Can you help me to understand what critical race theory is?
Should people really stay devoted to bad family members?
What country has the tallest people?
What are some stretches to do first thing in the morning?
How do I keep my baby from getting into things he shouldn't?
How do you stop gray hairs
Have you heard of "The Emu War"?
I want to learn more about The International Astronomical Union (IAU). Any info you can provide?
What are the best songs to inspire creativity?
Are there any reality shows that are real?
How important is good wi-fi for playing online video games? Will it give me an advantage over other players?
I would like to watch a romantic comedy movie. Can you please suggest five movies for me to watch?
Can you give some examples of popular Youtubers?
What is the most common police vehicle?
I need help finding a new movie to watch. I only watch horror movies. Do you have any ideas?
What are some good classical cartoon characters?
I've heard garlic is a great natural antibiotic. Does it help with colds?
Where do koala bears live?
How do you make a candle?
Assistant, can you help me find books that have really popular antagonists?
What is a living will?
My 8th grade daughter got all As on her report card. What are some rewards I can give her?
What is renters insurance?
What are tips to finish reading a book in a month?
The mousepad on my macbook is making louder clicking noises than normal. How might I troubleshoot this?
Can you tell me instructions for exchanging US dollars to Chinese currency?
What are the worst tragedies of the modern day?
I'm trying to learn more about the Transnistria War.
I'm buying a new car and I've been told to avoid black or white cars because dirt shows up on them so easily. Do you have any opinions on that?
Do you think free will exists?
I've been investing in some stocks over the last year and have never done taxes with investment profits. What is the tax percent on capital gains?
How do I know when I need to replace my car tires?
I need some ideas on repurposing old magazines.
Who do you think will run in the 2024 american presidential election, and why?
I'm having some issues with my pet cat, do you think you can provide me assistance?
How do you defrost a turkey?
What are some skills I need to be a security guard?
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
What are some good racing games for the Playstation 2?
I am worried about my privacy online. How can I browse the internet more anonymously?
I'd like to find some way to either buy waterproof shoelaces or waterproof shoelaces myself. Do you have any advice?
Search for a ham and potato soup recipe
I want to share a good bible verse for the wedding. Do you have any recommendations?
I hear that sharks have been around longer than a lot of plants, why didn't they die out like the dinosaurs?
How do I get rid of a double chin?
I'd like to learn some weather terms in a new language. Can you help?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
Is a firefighter a good occupation?
How can I get a medical alert necklace for grandma?
What are some general tools I need in order to make a cocktail?
What type of fuel is the best for the environment?
How much coffee is too much?
What are places to visit in Helena, Oregon?
What did apes evolve from?
What are mandarin oranges
help me explain addition to my 5 year old.
How do I turn cow poop into fertilizer?
How do I learn to jog long distances?
What is a heat warning?
What are some places to visit in Guanajuato?
What is healthier for you? Turkey or Ham?
What is Facebook Pay?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Bamba Brussels Sprouts?
How do I teach my kids to eat neatly?
Do you know how to help someone when they experience a panic attack?
Could you recommend me some books that are similar to the series Game of Thrones?
How do you drill out a broken screw?
What are the origins of the Super Bowl and how did it get its start?
What is an ach payment?
What's so special about SpaceX? Have they really 'revolutionized' space travel in some way?
How do you become a life coach?
Why have computer parts been so expensive lately?
How often should an adult shower?
Of things that get stolen and the police are called, how likely is it you will get the stolen item returned to you?
Is there much point to cleaning a fridge?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
What time of the year is it best to hunt Deer in the state of Maryland?
I'm going on a camping trip. How do I stay safe around wildlife?
Can you help me say "Happy Birthday" in different languages?
I would like to learn how to make my own pizza dough at home.
What is Rolex?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
Hi, I'd like to begin keeping bees. Can you tell me all the things I'll need to do to accomplish this?
What are some ways that I can have more order in life?
How much cheese can an average person eat daily, and still be healthy?
I'm trying to teach my son how to ride a 2 wheel bike.
how can i get a child not to favor one parent over the other?
Does the soul survive after death?
Assistant, I'm feeling down today. Can you just do all my work for me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pardulas?
How do I train a dog not to jump on the table?
What year did Strawberry Shortcake dolls come out?
How can I make my own soap at home?
How famous is Michael Jordan?
What kind of solder do you recommend for soldering motherboard components?
I want to know about Facebook corporation.
How can I remove hair from my legs with wax?
I'm trying to learn more about the different yoga forms, can you help me learn about Iyengar yoga?
Where did modern day baseball come from?
What kind of apps or software are good for learning a new language?
What are some romantic getaways in the US?
Can you give me a recipe for deviled eggs?
I recently learned that I'm diabetic, but I'm really nervous around needles. Is there a way for me to take care of my diabetes with insulin without using needles and shots?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lapskaus?
I'm travelling to Spain and need to learn some of the language.
Have any technological breakthroughs been made in the solar energy field?
I'm planning a trip where I will be spending a lot of time outdoors in the rain. Could you suggest a good rain coat that will keep me dry and warm?
What are some of the best Pixar movies?
Can you give me a guide to improving my posture?
How do you know what to recycle?
How can I treat restless leg syndrome?
Find a pork and beans recipe
How can I cool down my mouth after eating spicy food?
I want to start working out, but I'd like to do it w/ people. How do I find workout buddies?
I keep seeing politicians going on TV and just flat out lying about things. Why can't we pass a law that makes lying like this illegal?
What are the basics to learning the accordion?
How do I know if I have a migraine?
Can you give me advice on overcoming self-doubt?
Can you tell me how many amendments the constitution has?
Do you think you can give me some information about what marxism is?
I just got a fitness tracker and it has a goal of 10,000 steps a day, is that what I should try for?
What are some tips for winning auctions?
How does a pawn shop work?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
Hi, I'd like to get a Pell grant. How do I do that?
How do I teach a child to shower themselves?
Is it illegal to wear body armor in the US?
Is sadness a normal emotion?
I lost my passport any idea on how I can get a new one?
What can I give elderly relatives for Christmas?
How do I help my friend that is afraid of needles and needs their blood drawn?
I just bought and Iphone, but I've been using Android. What do I need to do to switch over?
How do I make traditional tortilla soup?
What is the temperature that beef needs to be cooked to before eating?
What are the pros and cons of assisted suicide?
Which metal bands are similar to Sabaton?
Is softball good for kids?
How can I make vegan friendly bread?
Was OJ Simpson guilty or innocent?
How can I be more humble?
Who is starring in the latest production of "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway?
Can you explain the use of the Oxford comma to me?
My skin has had an orange tint to it recently. What could be causing this?
How long does it take the average person to build up enough endurance to run a marathon?
how do i know when to change my toothbrush?
Who is Lady Gaga?
What is some natural deodorant I can use?
Which is better to have as a printer? Inkjet or laser?
How do I cook prawns?
What is a good alternative to vegetable oil for recipes?
How do pandemics work?
How can I celebrate pride day?
What are some industrial uses for Molybdenum?
how can i make my own lures?
How do I prevent someone from hacking into my email account?
Can you help me find some Robert DeNiro movies?
How long do LED bulbs last?
I wonder what flower naturally is the best bug repellent, in the garden? I've heard marigolds can be useful.
Which company was the first to develop the personal computer?
Should you use fabric softener in the laundry?
What are some traditional Mexican tortas I can make?
When did McDonald's open?
I would like some advice for how to care for an autistic child. Can you help?
Where is the cheapest place in the world to live?
Why do the men in navy wear that hat?
How do i know if I have add?
I'm trying to make peanut butter cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
How many difficulty options are there for Skyrim?
Is bacon a special part of the pig?
How do I do leg exercises?
I want to find a movie to watch with my girlfriend
My friend bought me an original Super Mario Brothers game for the NES. Can you tell me how that game was reviewed when it first came out in 1985?
Do paper newspapers even make money anymore now that everything is online?
Can you help me bake a cake for my boyfriend's birthday? I need ideas as to what flavour I should pick.
How do I keep cut flowers alive longer?
Do glasses that shine a bright light in your eyes really work well for increasing your energy during the winter months?
What do you know about reiki healing?
What is dolphin-safe tuna?
Can you give some examples of celebrity chefs in a list format?
How can I keep my house cool without air conditioning?
Do you have any advice for how to deal with family members that don't get along being at the same event?
When do you think newspaper companies will go out of business completely? I don't think many people buy them anymore.
How often should I have my teeth cleaned and examined?
How many stars are in our solar system?
How should I stay safe if going to an indoor environment during covid?
How do add money to Google Pay?
Do you have a pulse
I want to learn how paint is made
I’m looking for a new crockpot recipe.
Can you help me understand why Pluto is no longer a planet?
should i pay cash for a car or get it in payments?
I've been reading a lot about the emotional and addiction dangers of social media, and I'm trying to limit my time there. What's a healthy amount of time to spend on social media every day?
Do ketchup stains come out of denim pants?
Why can't we have laws against public servants lying about policy?
How can I find out about my ancestors?
How do I connect my phone to my car with Bluetooth?
What is Linkedin?
I'm thinking about getting a Chinchilla for a pet. Can you provide me some information on them?
How can I teach my new dog some tricks?
Should you get spare keys made for the car?
What do I need to consider when choosing a good pair of hiking boots?
Can my diabetic father have one donut a day?
Are there any kind of syrup remedies that truly help get over a cold?
Can you explain how the electoral college works in regard to electing the president of the United States?
Have you heard a song name "Shallow"?
What animals are at high risk of going extinct within the next hundred years?
What are some good treats I can give my cat?
I want to talk more about the Maori people of New Zealand.
What can I use to remove build up on shower head?
Why does bacteria grow at warm temperatures
Does the federal government or state government give funding to build Hospitals?
Hi! I want to start taking birth control, but there are so many options! How do I pick a safe option that is good for me and my body?
How do I collect chicken eggs from my chickens?
Why is Statue of Liberty famous?
What is the paso doble?
Who was the first president and when was he born?
What is PTSD?
Does cornbread actually have corn in it?
how do i answer the question when my child asks where babies come from?
is it safe to eat fish from a river in my city?
I keep seeing politicians going on TV and just flat out lying about things. Why can't we pass a law that makes lying like this illegal?
How can I cure hiccups?
What is the best way to stop smoking?
Is covid ever going to go away?
How do I block ads in my web browser?
Is it important to attend University of College after school?
I've had some raw chicken breasts in the fridge for a couple of days, but my understanding is that's pretty much the limit before it rots. How can I know if the chicken is still good?
Is an astronaut a rewarding career?
Search for a chicken salad recipe
I got sprayed by a skunk. How do I get the odor off?
I have a hard time ever feeling like I've disappointed someone. Because of this, I agree to almost anything someone asks of me—to go somewhere I really am not interested in, to help out with something I don't have time for, to loan money when I can't afford it, that sort of thing. How do I say "no" without feeling terrible about doing so?
What languages are spoken in India?
Can you give me some tips for keeping my tattoos from fading?
I would like to know about Jehovah's Witnesses. My grandmother is a very devout believer and I do not follow any sort of religion. What are some things I should know when conversing with her?
I really like pasta, but want to get more protein in my life. How can I make pasta dishes healthier?
I'm moving to a new town for work. Any suggestions on how to make new friends as an adult?
What are some good pretzel dips?
I was thinking about getting an Electric Car, but I am worried about how long they take to charge the batteries. Do you know anything about this?
Should you exfoliate your skin?
I made corn bread and it came out much crumblier than usual. What did I do wrong?
Can you compile a list of tips to follow when looking for a quality mechanic?
Can you help me find a train route from London, UK to Paris, France?
I want to put together a classic Italian dinner. What types of dishes should I include?
Can you advice me on how to be civil when discussing politics with others?
What do I do about an itchy scalp?
How can I get a bigger vocabulary?
What are the best songs to inspire creativity?
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
Is there a minimum if you order takeout from McDonald's?
can i scuba dive if i am obese?
Could you give me some tips on training my dog how to use the bathroom on indoor pet pads?
I heard that Paris has a rich cultural history. Can you tell me more about it?
I want my friend to know I’m bisexual, but I don’t know how to say it.
How do I clean in between tiles?
Do you know how one can avoid sleep paralysis?
What would the Ancient Egyptians use to cool themselves in the heat?
How much money should I save in an emergency fund?
There are so many sneaker manufacturers. Which one is the most successful in terms of wealth?
What are the differences between jpg and png images?
How do I make sourdough starter?
I need some ideas for a quick meal tonight. Do you know any dinners that can be prepared in 30 minutes or less?
Do you have a recipe for pumpkin pie made from a pumpkin, not from canned pumpkin?
What is HIPAA?
What are the main points to write a really good essay?
How can I teach my child basic math?
Search for blueberry nut bread
What is a pride parade?
How can I get better at playing chess?
Can you explain to me the process of jury selection?
What is the best way to draw a simple flower with pencil?
What is the difference between a CV and a resume?
What is the proper way to wash a car?
What are spreadsheets used for?
What is Google Play?
How do you rewind a VCR tape?
I want to know how to gain some confidence
How can I get my kids to sit still for photos?
What are some fun Mexican Christmas traditions?
I want to grow my own vegetables at home. Is it possible to do this in the winter? Maybe in my house?
I need tips to make my girlfriend happy. Any ideas?
Can you tell me what are some things I can use acetone for?
Richard Chamberlain had a long career. What are some of his hits?
What can I use to slick down my hair?
what are some things i can put in easter eggs besides candy?
Do leggings or jeans look better?
the bulls are in 3rd place in the east are they going to the finals
I'm trying to remember the plot of The Little Prince, by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. Do you know?
My daughter, who is 14, is obsessed with a singer named Harry Styles. It's literally all she talks about and seems to think about all the time. It's getting on everyone's nerves and I don't think it's healthy for her. He is her constant focus, to the detriment of anything else.
Where is the best place to buy horse stall mats
I'm planning a trip to Boston, MA. Can you tell me some of the popular attractions and landmarks?
How are glass windows made?
How often should a child go to the dentist?
What is the best way to reduce my trash or waste?
How can I attract hummingbirds to my yard?
what is an easy recipe for green bean casserole?
How do I set up a home theater?
Can you explain how to use commas and punctuations in a sentence?
Do you think you can teach me about the Louisiana Purchase?
Help me find Vin Diesel movies.
I've had several plants in my house, some over 20 years. I'm curious about how the leaves are mostly green. Can you explain that? Why plants have green leaves mostly?
What are some things I can do with vanilla ice cream?
Can you describe the basic rules of baseball?
I'm trying to make tomorrow's lunch, do you know how to make a roasted chicken?
Can you describe what sport psychology is?
Should I take a vacation or put a down payment on a house?
Richard Chamberlain had a long career. What are some of his hits?
What kind of unique health benefits do nuts like walnuts, almonds and peanuts give people?
Could you provide me some more information on the Black Sabbath album Heaven and Hell?
Can you give me a recipe for seared scallops?
I need to write a sentence that doesn't contain the letter "e". Can you help me?
How can I help someone with Down Syndrome to achieve independence?
what are some homeopathic methods for pain relief?
What year was Criminal Minds produced
Who are the funniest stand up comedians?
I want to get better at writing. Can you tell me when I should be using a semicolon in my sentences in general?
What are some of the best Samuel L Jackson movies?
Do labradoodles get a long with cats?
what are pros and cons of keeping a gun in the house?
Should I buy my kids a trampoline?
How can I avoid my leather products getting salt stains?
Can you list different variants of apples?
Is the World Trade Center in New York still the tallest building in the U.S.?
Can you recommend a new book to read? I like classic novels.
Can you explain to me the effect catnip has on cats? Why do they get crazy when they sniff it?
I want to make New York cheesecake. Can you help me?
How do I balance my check book?
How do I lose weight?
What does a catalytic converter do
What is Upwork?
Why is Chernobyl still radioactive? Will anyone ever be able to live there again?
Which is better: a tax credit or a tax deduction?
I have a migraine, is there anything I can do to treat it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ash-e Reshteh?
How do you change a man's organ to a woman?
I need to have a three course menu for a vegan dinner party
I'm trying to stop my hiccups. Any help?
Can you tell me what Persians like to eat?
I'm planning a special anniversary date for my girlfriend next week. What are some good things we can do together?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a Denver omelet. Can you give me a recipe for one?
How do I go spelunking?
I got a new pet bearded dragon and I need some information on pet care.
How do I get rid of a scar?
A friend of mine had to chop down a 200 year old tree, on his property. He was rather attached to the old tree. Any suggestions on how to comfort him?
Can you tell me which were the largest volcanic eruptions in the 20th century?
What can I do if a skunk makes a nest outside my home?
I would like to learn more about Richard Nixon.
Who is the writer of Auld Lang Syne?
Can you tell me some home remedies for a sore throat?
Where is silicon mined?
I'd like to watch some cool samurai movies. Do you have any recommendations?
Are alkaline or lithium batteries better?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
Hi, I'd like to bake Christmas cookies this year. Can you give me a good recipe to do that?
Are there any good ways to kill or repel house flies?
What is the maximum weight that a 1/2 ton truck can haul?
How do live tv shows or news broadcasts have subtitles?
Do Christmas lights really last longer if you keep them on all the time?
How can I watch live television without cable?
I don't have much money for Christmas gifts this year. Do you have any suggestions on what I can do for my family?
Can you help me find the route from New Jersey to New York with the least bridges?
I want to hike but i don't know which mountain to go to, what is the best but safest mountain to hike in Alberta, Canada?
Superman had a birth name, what was it?
I'm trying to write a Christmas story
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Granita al Limone?
What are the best songs to inspire creativity?
Can you tell me about the goddess Persephone?
How much chocolate can you eat before you overdose?
Do old obsidian arrowheads contain any value?
how does cryptocurrency work?
Are there any states that it's legal to own a Racoon as a pet?
I got my very first puppy and I want to train her, do you know how and where do I start?
what are the pros and cons of a water pik?
Do they still make record players?
I'm looking for a good mystery book to read
How long should I use new led mask a day?
Do you know of ways one can relieve back pain outside of surgery and physical therapy?
Are there any precautions I need to take when using my motorcycle in the wintertime?
How do dogs get heartworm?
I'm looking for a new video game for the Switch. Can you recommend any?
How do hot air balloons work and is it safe to ride in one?
Why do marines say Semper Fi?
I really like pop music. Can you suggest some recent hits I might like?
Would you be able to explain the difference between comparative and superlative?
What are the pros and cons of assisted suicide?
What is a great song for a marching band to play
I have two ribeyes that I want to cook on my charcoal grill. I've never used a grill before though. Can you help?
I am having a gathering to watch a boxing match and want to provide guacamole, do you know any good recipes?
How can I stop myself from experiencing road rage?
How do I patch up a hole in the wall that a mouse is coming through?
What is an IEP?
How can I volunteer at an old folks' home?
I found black mold in my basement. What should I do about it? Do I need a professional?
Where's the optimal location to install a weathervane?
How can you learn to be polite
What is the price of a first class stamp?
How do you make ice cream at home?
What is the least expensive way to heat your home?
Can you provide me steps on how to make my own candles?
I love the poem, "The World is Too Much with Us" by Wordsworth. I'd love to know more about the poem?
What are the dangers of a child doing gymnastics?
How can I be more talkative in a group setting?
Who were the members of The Eagles?
How do I stay motivated to study?
How do I learn how to crochet?
I'm creating a WordPress website. Are there any templates available for free?
Hey, me and my boyfriend are in our twenties and are looking to move to a new city. Could you help with some recommendations on cities we might want to move to?
I want to build muscle on my arms and upper body, what kind of meals should I be eating to bulk up?
How do you communicate with a chat bot that won't follow instructions consistently?
I'm trying to learn more about the video game system Gameboy Advance SP. Can you help me learn more about this?
Could you tell me how to make a vegan friendly mac n cheese?
How do I make a bow out of ribbon?
Can you tell me what tinnitus is and how it develops?
How do you use a tea diffuser?
How can I make ice cream at home?
How can I take good pictures of clouds?
what are fun accessories to buy girls?
Search for Gene Wilder movies.
I was thinking about watching a good spy movie. I've heard there's a new James Bond movie out, who's the most recent Bond actor?
How do I make baked chicken?
How do I help grandma find a Medicare plan?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Beef Pares?
What do you think the chances are of California having 'the big one' anytime soon?
How do trees produce oxygen?
Are cheesecakes easy to make?
I know it's tax season but I'm not sure when I have to submit my tax return by. What is the due date?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chapati?
I'm thinking about visiting a zoo in the future, but have concerns about the ethical treatment of the animals. Have zoos changed much, to be safer and more comfortable for animals overall?
Is a financial analyst a good career?
How do you get rid of water weight?
what are some good christmas desserts?
What are advantages of grass fed beef?
Can you tell me a guide for getting started playing the mobile game Pokemon Go?
What is the main reason that people get divorced?
I want to make granola bars. Do you have a good recipe?
Are the Sika Deer native to North America?
How do I make a Zoom account?
I am trying to calculate how many pounds of crops I have harvested this fall..can you tell me how many grams are in a pound?
How do I become a columnist for a newspaper?
What is on my calendar for today?
I'm thinking about making a vegetable garden. Can you help?
How are diamonds mined?
How are diamonds mined?
Is it safe to try to wash a dry clean only dress?
What is the most famous Christmas Movie?
Should I choose a real or fake Christmas tree?
What are some good playdate ideas for a ten year old?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz Marinero?
I'm looking to find a new rap artist! Do you have any good recommendations?
How do I learn to read braille?
What should you include in a resume?
What are some fun activities to do for free?
I would like to find some good mobile games to play for my commute.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Perkadel?
Why do people get tattoo's?
Can you tell me how to make lasagna?
What kind of privacy settings are there on a PC to make it safe for a child to use?
How do you make salsa?
What is slack?
I'm trying to learn about the difference between yoga and pilates.
Can you tell me what Persians like to eat?
How do I screen print a tshirt?
What happens in a baseball game?
I want to learn how to make chocolate fudge, can you help me with that?
What advice do you have for riding a horse?
I want to get a pet bird. What kind makes for the best pet?
How can I help a new coworker?
what are some geometric designs for tattoos?
Where is the best place to watch a trial on live TV?
How did Lady Gaga get her name?
Can you tell me the most popular album made by Ozzy Osbourne?
How does a chiropractor help you?
What year did the popular SNES game Super Mario World release?
Are crystals really good for different things like healing and keeping evil away?
What is a zoom call?
Is a basset hound a good pet?
Can you tell me about the three branches of the US government?
Does it ever rain in the desert?
What are some of the major effects of climate change?
How do you use credit card reward points?
How do you store books in order to preserve them for a long time?
Who was the Queen of England in 1611?
what colour should I paint my walls if I have a grey sofa?
For the first time, I'm gonna be spending winter in a place that gets really cold, snows, etc. What do you think I should do to prepare for winter storms?
how can I lose 10lbs in 30 days
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Kisra?
I was thinking about looking at a few pieces of new art. Do you have any artwork from Impressionists that you recommend?
Should you buy a case to protect your cell phone?
How do keep clothes from getting wrinkled after you pull them out of the dryer?
Do you know the history of who invented the Hyatt hotel company?
What should you get your dad for Christmas?
I have to write an article for school about space travel, but really need some help.
What items should I carry when hiking?
Can you help me understand why Pluto is no longer a planet?
What are the steps I need to take to make donuts from scratch?
How do I make a stuffed animal?
How can I help my child get over their fear of the dark?
How do you use a tea diffuser?
what are fun things for a teen to collect?
What is the best time of the year to start a new garden in Maryland?
I'm having some issues with my pet cat, do you think you can provide me assistance?
I'm getting ready for a roadtrip. What kinds of things should I do to prepare before I leave?
What is a full moon?
What is the song American Pie about?
How do I give my dog a rabies shot?
My children want a pet and I was wondering what is a good first pet for a child to have?
Who is Alfred Nobel?
How can I adopt a dog from a shelter?
I want to find out how to be more sustainable for our future. What are some things I can do to help be sustainable?
How do I learn how to ice skate?
I have a lot of extra apples and would like to make cider. Can you explain the process for me?
What is a Richter scale?
what are some good costumes for boys for imaginative play?
Search for Sylvia Browne's most popular books
How long has Dateline NBC been around?
Do most stores close later than normal on Black Friday?
How do I make sautéed apples?
I am in the mood for coffee tonight! Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for Irish coffee?
I'm trying to make my laptop battery last longer. What can I do?
Which one is harder to learn, French or Spanish?
Where can you usually find the trunk release handle in a car?
If you could visit one city in Europe, which would you go to?
How do you take a good photograph?
Is Harvard University a public or private university?
What do you know about a photo ark
What can I do to remove calcium from a faucet?
How do I get dried paint off of clothes?
What was the most popular snack in 1999?
How does high cholestrol increase the risk of heart disease?
What are some dark roasts that are good?
Can you download YouTube videos to your hard drive for later viewing?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Couscous?
What do use microfiber clothes for?
It's time to renew my healthcare plan but I am worried about paying too much in premiums. Can you provide me with any specific tips for paying as little as I can for health insurance?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pilau?
Can you recommend some hip hop groups for me that are similar to Living Legends?
Are cucumbers a vegetable or a fruit
Can you tell me the steps on sanitizing a kitchen countertop?
Is there some shower curtain that is mold resistant out there?
What should you write in a baby shower book?
Is it worth it to hire a gardener?
Can you give me underwater photography tips?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a gin and tonic. Can you give me a recipe for making one?
How do I have a casual conversation with my boss?
What is the latest I should drink coffee in a day?
What is the Hindu Trinity?
Which movies are similar to Scarface?
Do you think The Jetsons would beat The Flintstones in a fight?
It's the festive times and I am in the mood for a festive drink! I am fine with either an alcoholic or non alcoholic beverage, as long as it is festive. Do you have any ideas of how I can make such a drink, or a recipe for one?
Hello, I am trying to find out if aliens are real. Can you help?
What will happen if I quit a job without giving a 2 weeks notice?
Can you give me a recipe for chocolate fudge?
Where can I get coupons for purchases I make online?
Hello, I am trying to find out what year Tina Fey joined Saturday Night Live. Can you help?
Can you tell me what company produced the video game Bloodborne?
What is tendonitis?
How can I get my kids to be more open and honest with me?
Find a pumpkin cheesecake milkshake recipe
What is cacio e pepe?
I've enjoyed books by Stephen King in the past. What are some of his top books?
What can I do to avoid getting acne breakouts?
Should I take Vitamin D supplements?
how can i make my own lures?
Can you provide me with a snickerdoodle recipe?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of rail travel?
Do you have any insight as to how long I should train for before running a 5k marathon?
What are some fun card games I could learn?
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
I need to book a trip to cancun
What is the best bait to use when fishing for trout?
I'm going to be hosting a party this Friday night. What's some good dance music that I can play?
What's the nineteenth letter in this sentence?
What was the Battle of Gettysburg?
What are some good places to visit in Bandung, Indonesia?
How do I learn to read braille?
I would like to learn more about the first Star Wars movie.
Can you help me understand what a hegemony is?
How do I get a college scholarship
which is healthier to drink overall, lemonade, or orange juice?
Is a gold or silver necklace better for a gift?
I have a lawsuit against a company and want to get some documentation from them. I know I need to file a subpoena but I don't know anything about that process. Can you tell me about subpoenas?
What is Sezzle?
I need a reservation for four at a place near my husbands work.
How do I decrease my power bill?
How do I get my two year old to make full sentences?
I really like breakfast sandwiches, but I've never made my own. What do I need to my a good breakfast sandwich?
What are some interesting salty breads I can make in my bread machine?
I need some information on how to do an oil painting
Can you teach me how to make candles?
How do I steam frozen vegetables?
I heard chinchillas make interesting pets. Is this true?
Is marijuana as harmful to your health as alcohol is?
Is the phonics method useful for learning to read?
What is the best search engine for privacy?
How do you store a gun safely?
I want to open a bank account, but I have no idea which bank to choose.
Do you know of any good ways for a person to quit smoking cigarettes?
What are some things I can mix into my instant noodles?
how do i make shepherd's pie?
Can you tell me how the IGETC works to shape Climate Change policy?
How do you sand down the rough edges on a piece of wood?
Can you help me to learn when slavery began in the USA?
What year was the first color tv released in the United States?
What 's the best home workout routine?
What are pros and cons of black friday?
How can I stop gambling?
Do you know anything about Sigils? When were they first thought to be used throughout history?
What's the best way to work out how many calories I need in a day?
Any tips on how to become a dentists assistant?
If I'm severely injured, but have no insurance or ability to pay, will emergency rooms still treat me?
Who is the girl that played on MASH?
I want to spruce up my living room. What are some affordable ways to update its decor?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shawarma?
What are some foods that are good for diabetics?
Search for Johnny Depp best movies
What are some fun collaborative art projects for kids?
What are some spreads for bread?
I think I might have seasonal affective disorder. What are the symptoms?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa Borracha?
Can you give me some information about the first man that travelled into space?
At what age is it most common for men who are genetically predisposed to start balding?
How do you stop a pet cat from engaging in undesirable behaviors, for example, scratching furniture or carpet?
When was particle board first invented?
I'm interesting in checking out a movie tonight. What's the plot to The Sound of Music? That's a classic.
Are there any NASA space missions going on currently?
What are some good things to eat on saltines?
What do I do if I get locked out of my home?
My vacuum cleaner just died and I need to buy a new one. Can you help me decide which one would be best for cleaning my apartment?
What is the reading for having hypertension on your blood pressure?
What's are some pastries that contain dulce de leche in them?
What are some of the best movies directed by Martin Scorsese?
What does it mean when someone is upset with you?
What is the best way to stop smoking?
Is liquid hand soap or hand sanitizer more effective at killing germs?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
I'm learning about presidents and would like to learn about some of the accomplishments during the Clinton presidency
What minerals are closest to the Earths core?
I'm trying to get my mom a birthday present but I don't know what to get her
How can you remove small dents from my car?
Why does coffee usually give me heartburn?
Can you find a guide for caring for a new tattoo?
I'm am trying to strip and wax a wood floor?
I have a toothache and the dentist can't see me for another 3 days. What can I do?
What are some easy ways to make people laugh?
Can you tell me which Amtrak lines run through California?
What can you tell me about The Zodiac Killer
Hello, I am trying to find out more about Stephen Sondheim. Can you help?
How do you use a spellchecker?
Sometimes I wonder if dreams have meaning, I heard somewhere that dreams only last a few seconds and not all night long like we remember in the morning. Is this true?
I'm trying to make biscuits and am looking for a easy recipe. Can you help?
What are some fun activities to do with older adults?
How long does it take a person to learn how to play the piano?
Can you teach me about making grape jelly?
Hi!
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Seekh Kebab?
how many oceans are in the world
How often should you wash your hair?
Can you tell me what I can use palm oil for?
I want to learn a bit more about the soft drink Mountain Dew.
I was thinking about baking a pie today. What tends to be the most popular flavor of pie in the United States?
I am having an issue with ants in my kitchen. Do you have any advice for getting rid of them?
I'm going to make a Manhattan cocktail but I want to make it spicy. Do you have any ideas how I can make this happen?
What body language should I avoid engaging in during a job interview?
what are some ideas for a halloween party?
How do you apply for a personal loan?
My friend wants help in throwing a gender reveal party. What is a gender reveal party?
How often should you get your teeth cleaned?
What does the Disney vault mean?
how do i get certified to drive heavy machinery?
How can I get the family to not discuss politics during the holidays?
Foxes are beautiful, but I hear they make bad pets. Wonder why?
Can you give me a recipe for oatmeal?
How does it feel to fail at something?
Is covid a hoax?
What are some tips to entertain a baby?
What are some good colors to bring out my darker skin?
How strong is titanium?
What can I dip crunchy pretzels in?
Hello, I am trying to find out about the Grand Canyon.
Legitimate question, one of my dudes told me three years ago that I should cover the webcam lens on my laptop when I am not using it, which is most of the time I am using my computer. Is it really necessary to do that. I guess I am asking what are the chances that my laptop camera can be hacked. It's not a real concern. It's just curiosity.
What are some good snacks for a child to take to school for a class party?
What are some good African foods?
Search for an apple crumb pie recipe
Did the Moon form from parts of the Earth or was it pulled into orbit from somewhere else?
Could you help me figure out how to rob a bank?
Is all wheat the same?
Why are there less items in the stores since covid
How do you prevent clothes from sticking together in the dryer?
Why do they charge so much money for printer ink?
how do i get rid of mosquito bite itch?
Did the Boston Red Sox ever win the World Series?
What does executive order mean?
I'm thinking about visiting Salem, Massachusetts. I am fascinated with the history of the Salem Witch Trials. What can you tell me about them?
what are some common things people put on their bucket lists?
Do you think free will exists?
I'm learning about eggs. Can you explain to me the differences between organic versus pasture fed eggs?
How do I use coupons?
Why do they sell hotdog wieners in packs of 10 and the buns in packs of 8?
I'm going to Norway and need to learn a few basic phrases. Can you help me?
What should I do if I see a snake?
What is caramel
What are places to visit in Chattanooga?
Can you tell me how to start a new email in Microsoft Outllok?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
How can I dry clothes faster without a dryer?
What kind of foods should I feed my pet turtle?
Which items should I have to be prepared for a power outage?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Congolese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mossaka?
What help can a person get with finding food if they have no money?
What are the health benefits of black coffee?
How do you open the built-in help in Windows 10?
How many medals has Lance Armstrong won?
What is a good family road trip in California?
Could you recommend me some books that are similar to the series Game of Thrones?
How strong is limestone?
Can you describe how to play the flute?
I'd like to make chicken noodle soup. I've never done it before. Can you help?
Are Siamese cats smarter than other breeds?
What is potato salad?
What country is home to the Kangaroo?
What are the advantages of taking a cruise versus flying from place to place?
What should one do when witnessing a pedestrian run over?
I want to put together a chair from Ikea. How should I do that?
Is there a way to train yourself to open your eyes underwater? Or are you born with it.
what is some good sauce for chicken nuggets?
Why are some trees poisonous to humans?
Do I need special stuff to clean my computer monitor or can I just use water and a paper towel?
How do I check for lice?
Why is Pi infinitely long?
Can you describe what happened in the war of 1812
How do I keep my baby from waking up at night?
How do I make a drink with clamato?
Can you give me some examples of breakfast cereals?
I am a teen and I want to shave my face. How do i do it
Should I get an additional warranty with the TV I'm buying?
What is a muscle car?
What are the origins of Valentine's Day?
I'm making apple pie for the first time. Some recipes say to cut the apples in eighths and other say to slice them very thinly. What is best?
How do I keep bugs from entering my house?
I'm trying to make chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
What are some artists I would like if I like Lady Gaga?
What are some snacks to bring on a road trip?
How much money should I have in my rainy day fund?
I'm trying to learn more about the video game system Gameboy Advance SP. Can you help me learn more about this?
How can I convince my child to hurry up when he's being slow in getting ready?
What are the best music streaming services?
What are some foods that can help with energy levels?
How do you help the kids write a letter to Santa?
Hi, I just bought a new car. What are the things I'll need to do to maintain it and keep it running?
What is the world record for a 1 mile sprint?
How do I make a paper airplane?
How do you make an ice cream float?
I have trouble falling asleep at night. What are some techniques I can use to relax and sleep more easily?
How do I cook red cabbage?
Do any other large mammals hibernate during winter like bears?
I have a friend that is interested in attending mortuary school. Do you know the education and skills that are required to become a funeral director?
HI, I just got bitten by a spider, and I don't feel so good. I called 911, but until they arrive, what can I do to treat the bite?
What date did the Titanic sink?
Do you have any good examples of non-commercial cleaning products?
What is the best type of wood to use for a tobacco pipe?
How do you clean the dryer vent?
is there a difference between diversity training and social intelligence training?
In yoga, there is a Sun Salutation process, that is a good workout. Do you know much about that?
How can I find the right computer desk to improve my posture?
Which foods have a long shelf life?
What are ways I can volunteer at my church?
How can I work on improving my hand eye coordination?
How can I strengthen bladder muscles?
How do you "like" a video on YouTube?
how do i learn to paddle a boat?
I am thinking about going to the Grand Canyon. I live in Dallas. Would you recommend for me to fly or to drive my car?
I'm trying to find out what the different phases of the moon are. Can you help?
I need to start following a plant based diet. What are some foods that I can eat?
What is it like to get a covid test?
I'd like to find some new MMORPG games to play. Can you give me some suggestions?
I love drinking coffee, although it's not always the healthiest thing. I'm curious where the majority of coffee is produced, internationally?
I have a big giant tree out front that attracts a ton of stink bugs, a.k.a. boxelder bugs. They are a giant nuisance and the exterminator could not provide me with any advice on how to prevent them from entering your home. Can you tell me everything you know about this bug?
how many miles is the United states and canadas border
What’s the difference between atheist and agnostic?
How much money should I save for a down payment on a house?
How can I get more upper body strength?
What would be the best time of the year to plant Black-Eyed Susans?
I want to make a nice steak dinner, but I don't know the difference between the various cuts of steak.
I'm trying to decide on the best type of desk to buy for office work
Do you have any suggestions for how I can strengthen my immune system?
Does a car engine need degreased?
How do I stop the pain from an impacted tooth?
Who is Coco Chanel?
What kinds of milk options are dairy free?
What is tennis elbow?
Are crows smart birds?
Can you give me a summary of "A Study in Scarlet"?
What are the pros and cons of camping in a tent versus camping in a hammock?
I'm having an issue with my cats fighting. Can you help?
What is the most famous brand in board games?
Can you list the games in the Grand Theft Auto series?
What is the best wood to use to make a canoe?
What are some interesting flavorings i can mix with my beef patties?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for pupusa?
Is it really necessary to baby proof the house?
When was the first submarine invented?
Is there a way to find the best gas price around me?
Thanksgiving is coming up, and I need a recipe for cranberry sauce. Can you help?
Is there a safe way to wash printed cups in the dishwasher?
Hi! Do you have any good chili recipes?
I want to buy a sports car. Which ones are the best?
What are some cute tattoo designs?
Do you know of a recipe for cilantro lime rice?
What is Hashimoto's disease?
I want to dress up as a clown for Halloween. What do I need for my costume?
What do you know about The war of 1812
At what age should I allow my child to redecorate their room?
Which country has the most historic museums?
What were the two biggest empires in the history?
How can I make a pinata?
What are the most popular card games? I know gin rummy, and a few others.
Do you think you can tell me how the black plague started?
how do i milk a goat?
Could you help me learn how to build a bench for my garden?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Spinach Arancini?
What are the pros and cons of going on a vacation?
White Christmas was a great song from long ago. Bing Crosby is skilled. Do you know about the song?
how do i convert to buddhism?
How do you fully wash a car?
Can you tell me of uncommon ice cream and food pairings that are tasty?
I want to learn some more about the Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
What are some good ways to express affection to your spouse?
What is a good age to get married?
How can I make panettone?
What would I need to move from the USA to Sweden
How much training does it take to be a professional tuba player?
How do I know if I'm a dwarf?
What is the best way to clean house windows without leaving streaks?
Where is most of the worlds platinum mined?
Is Fast.com a clothing company?
What are the seven wonders of the world?
I'm trying to encrypt work folders on my mac because I'm sending my computer in for servicing. How do I do this?
How can I get someone to stop believing fake news on social media?
Is it hard to learn to play drums?
What are some traditional Christmas Eve traditions?
How do I know if my vision is getting worse?
Should you sanitize your shopping cart?
Can you tell me what year the PlayStation 3 launched in the United States?
Are there any foods that can help me combat a sugar craving?
How do you handle a child's temper tantrum?
What is dolphin-safe tuna?
what are some hannah barbara cartoons?
How can you remove small dents from my car?
How do I make a simple omelet?
As people enter their 50s and later in age, what are important nutrients that people need to make sure, they are getting daily?
I'm trying to learn how to dance better, can you recommend any dance moves that are easy for a beginner?
Who are the top five most loved kings or queens throughout history?
What is the best way to get your cat to use the litter box?
Will humans ever be able to walk on Mars?
Search for a chicken nacho recipe
enter into an online school; and want to find a good one
Can you provide me with some steps on dealing with betrayal?
I'd like to get a corn snake. Can you tell me about owning one?
how can i cut bangs?
What is the best US state for the retirement?
what are romantic things to do in the outdoors?
Hey! My hair has been looking super flat lately and I want to add some volume but I don't know hair products very well. Could you help me?
What is the best way to minimize the build up of dust?
Hello, I am trying to figure out where the closest library is in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn NYC.
Who is the top country singer right now?
what is the largest turkey ever recorded
How can I make a car costume?
I'm going on vacation to a ski resort. What should I expect?
Do you have any advice for taking care of a puppy?
My son wants to get his first pet. I'm not sure what type of pet would be best for him.
What are the main industrial uses for Nylon?
Why do some trees lose their leaves in winter but other trees stay green and keep their leaves?
do you think the dreams while sleeping is true somehow?
How do you show humility?
What format should a business plan be in?
DO wireless headphones have as good a sound as wired ones?
There is a huge buildup of ice in my freezer. Why is this happening?
Do snakes lay eggs?
how can i practice speech therapy at home?
What is Tzatziki?
What is the easiest way to decorate a living room?
If I'm allergic to my cat will I ever get used to it?
what can i make from marshmallows?
Golf looks like a fun game, did it really start with kings in Europe?
How do I make a Mediterranean salad?
What are pros and cons of a child being a vegetarian?
Is it worth it to go to Vegas if I don't like to gamble?
Why is French spoken in Quebec?
Are any stores or businesses closed on Veterans Day in the United States?
I am writing an essay on Henry VIII and need some pointers on where to start
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Locro Carretero?
How can I wake up more refreshed in the mornings?
Can you write a poem for me about my dog?
Can you give some pointers on writing a professional college email?
My best friend is getting married and I am her maid of honor. I have to write a speech about her and I would like it to be witty. Can you help?
Why do elephants live for so long?
How do I make beef and broccoli?
What are the general uses of cornstarch when cooking?
What is applepay?
How much does a pool filter cost for an inground pool?
In a list using semicolons, is there a semicolon before the word 'and'?
I was wondering how pizza dough is different than Indian flat bread? Are the recipes different?
Can you provide me a recipe for making peanut butter fudge?
What is the process for trial of a new drug?
Could you tell me what the first Legend of Zelda game was about?
Why is pork meat cheaper than beef?
at what age should i bring my child to watch a baseball game?
How much would it cost to go from New York City to Washington DC on Amtrak?
My son doesn't want a birthday party. How can I still make his day special?
What are some of the best hair metal bands?
My wife loves oysters! Do you happen to know what kind of hot sauce flavors we should be seeking to go with oysters?
Can you teach me how to perform CPR? Please compile the instructions in a listed format.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nalisniki?
What's the best order for brushing, flossing, and mouth wash?
"The Coffee Song", sung by Frank Sinatra has a great beat, but might have some cultural appropriation going on. Do you know how much history about the song?
How can I replace an electrical outlet?
How do I tell my kids the tooth fairy is not real?
Why does the Earth spin and not just sit still?
What are some spaghetti sauce ideas?
how do I fry scallops
What are good finger foods for a two year old?
How do you pack a box correctly to ship?
how do i become less winded when running?
Why do some people want to use the wrong bathroom?
Do you know how one can avoid sleep paralysis?
How much chocolate can you eat before you overdose?
What is the best cell phone service provider?
What activities should I do with a 5 year old who is bored?
How can I be more confident?
I just moved into my first apartment. How often should I vacuum?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
How does it feel to be alive?
Are Poinsettia plants poisonous to cats?
What is a good website to use to learn another language?
I'd like to go on my first date before 2022, how do I make that happen?
How do I become a lawyer?
What is Cyrillic?
Can you tell me what the best time of the year is to grow garlic in Maryland?
What is the best college degree to get for someone who wants to go into the medical field but doesn't want to be around blood and fluids every day?
Are stocks or bonds better?
What is the department of veterans affairs?
What is the dumbest question you have ever been asked?
My friend is part of a multilevel marketing scheme, but I've heard they're bad. Why are they bad?
Hi, I'd like to do one armed pull ups, but I'm not strong enough yet, though I can do regular pull ups. Can you suggest any exercises I might use to build my strength towards doing a one armed pull up, or ways of assisting me to do one armed pull ups, so that I can work towards an unassisted one?
How does alcohol affect the health of the human body?
Could you tell me what happens in the Rapture mentioned in Revelations in the Bible
I make art and want to sell it online. Do you have any tips?
What are some good school fundraisers?
How do you recondition leather?
Can you help me find US states that have a mild climate to live in?
Which is better for a necklace I will wear all the time, sterling silver or gold?
What are some good Step 2 toys for boys?
What are the pros and cons of homeschooling children?
My daughter is reading the book "Lord of the Flies." Can you tell me what the book is about and any important details about the story I should know so we can have a thoughtful discussion.
Where did the statue of liberty come from?
What can I use for a cut if I do not have a band aid
What should I do to link my credit card to my Paypal account?
Why is the length of most songs about three and a half minutes?
What are some real cheap ways to feed 2 people for a week?
I'd like to plan a gluten free Christmas dinner.
What is varsity football
Can you help me compare different road bikes to get the right one?
How can I stop worrying about things that don't affect me?
how do i make my own kite?
What is a kidney transplant?
Hello, how are you?
How do you cover wrinkles on your face?
What is Mercari?
I've been fighting boredom since I've become sober for alcohol. Alcohol filled up my day and without it I'm bored crazy. How do I fight this?
Where are some unique places to go for a first date?
Lately I have the song Jingle Bells stuck in my head. Can you suggest other songs similar to Jingle Bells?
I'd like to make chicken noodle soup. I've never done it before. Can you help?
what are some good shows on cartoon network for kids?
Which video game company developed the game called Uncharted?
How do I know if I need braces?
What is a good song to propose to?
How often should I bathe a six month old?
How do I clean the outside of my computer?
Can you run me through what "common core" math is?
How can I find out what types of butterflies are in my area?
When were the first candles made?
How often should you wash your hair?
What are some traditional Icelandic food dishes?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Polos?
How can I use google maps when I go on a trip?
The faucet in my bathroom is dripping, can you help me fix it?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
My son has to write a paper about clouds. Could you help with regards to the different types of clouds and cloud formations etc?
How do I operate the zoom function on digital cameras?
Give me a list of ways that friends greet each other in person.
How do I make chrome my default internet browser?
What are some of Al Pacino's best movies?
I'm trying to decide whether to get eyeglasses or contacts. What are the pros and cons of each?
What are some things that I can do to help a friend that is suffering from depression?
What are some interesting kinds of pestos I can make?
What are the benefits of cranberry juice?
I love the music of Bessie Smith. Would love to know more about her background?
How can I start my own podcast?
Can you recommend me epic book series like LOTR?
What are the pros and cons of eating eggs?
I'm travelling to Germany and need to learn some of the language.
Why, if there are registered democrats than republicans, does the GOP keep winning control of Govenrment?
what is the difference between US and UK English?
I want to learn a new language. Do you have any tips for getting started?
Which one is harder to learn, French or Spanish?
Does taking vitamins really make a difference like the commercials say they do?
How do I know if I have termites?
what do i do if i stepped in dog poo?
What is math rock and can you recommend some math rock bands?
what are some neat ways to arrange books at home?
I'm going to be hosting a party this Friday night. What's some good dance music that I can play?
What is the best way to plant tomatoes?
How do home vacuums work?
Hi, I'd like to get familiar with the music of the 1980s. Can you help me make a playlist of some of the best 80s hits?
What is a good alternative to vegetable oil for recipes?
What are some types of shoes I can collect as a woman?
How does a compass work?
Do you know what the Turing Test is?
Why does skin color change depending on where you are descended from on Earth?
What is a secret santa gift exchange?
Can you help me bake a cake for my boyfriend's birthday? I need ideas as to what flavour I should pick.
Which foods can I cook on a grill besides hamburger and hotdogs?
How do you floss your teeth?
My parents are super religious. How do I tell them I'm an atheist?
What are things one can do to avoid miscommunication with others?
Can you tell me the steps to becoming a licensed hair stylist?
Sometimes I need to write technical documentation. Can you give me some tips on how I can make sure my instructions are as clear as possible?
Who was often credited with creating the first car in the world?
Why don't some people want to wear mask to slow the spread of Covid during this pandemic?
Can you describe the steps of how to clean an area rug?
What should I do to treat a jammed finger?
What are some strategies for solving a crossword puzzle?
Can you help me understand what a hegemony is?
What is the best way to get rid of cockroaches in the house?
I'm trying to make peanut butter cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
What is Microsoft Windows?
Why are they using private rockets to get into space now?
Hi, I want to play tic-tac-toe with my little brother. Can you explain the rules of the game to me?
What is a hangover?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to look up on the internet? Why?
I want to make deep dish pizza.
Are the expensive sneakers worth the cost?
I've had several plants in my house, some over 20 years. I'm curious about how the leaves are mostly green. Can you explain that? Why plants have green leaves mostly?
What is the film Musical about?
Sometimes I am impulsive on some things. Do you know of any strategies that can help stop being impulsive?
What can I get for a child who loves Baby Yoda?
How can I make a punching bag?
How can I learn about stocks?
Most of the world uses the metric system, why hasn't the US adopted it too?
Do you think you can give me some help on how to build a bird house?
I have to write a report for school about the greatest home run hitters in baseball history. Can you tell me who hit the most home runs in Major League Baseball history?
My makeup bottle says hypoallergenic, what does that mean?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fried Bora?
Hi, I'm interested in pursuing a career in acting. Can you give me any tips on the type of work and education I should seek out in order to accomplish that?
What song should I pick for karaoke?
What kind of solder do you recommend for soldering motherboard components?
How do I properly dispose of a car battery?
My wife watches a lot of true crime and she is wondering, what are the stages of human decomposition?
What is a good songbird to buy?
Will human activity like burning fossil fuel, mining, waste disposal into water sources, and drilling destroy the earth?
I'm going to Portland to meet with our company's client. I will have two days off. I want to go sight seeing. Any suggestions?
how do i keep worms for my plants?
I'm trying to get some information on the Russo-Japanese War. Can you help me learn about it?
What are kinds of animals that live on the savannah?
Can you tell me about the different types of ballroom dancing?
These days, many times, people like to animate videos of TED talks, or speeches. Why is animating speeches such a popular theme these days?
My toilet tank won't stop running. Can you tell me how I can fix that?
What should I pack to go camping?
How do you donate plasma?
What are things I can do in a tide pool?
Should I get a big or a small dog?
I want to know how to make Chinese Scallion Pancakes. Can you help me?
is it safe to eat grape seeds?
What are some good types of toys for kids who love superheroes?
Hello, I am trying to find out if aliens are real. Can you help?
Can you tell me about the life of Barack Obama
Who is Bill Clinton?
How do I roast Brazilian nuts?
since I got a puppy I was wondering how do you think animals communicate with humans?
What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
How do I maintain good health of my mattress?
Assistant, I'm feeling down today. Can you just do all my work for me?
I'm trying to decide on a type of mattress
Can you give me some ideas for recipes for Valentines Day?
How many justices are on the Supreme Court?
What is worse for the environment? Paper or plastic bags?
Whenever I have a salad it hurts my stomach. Why is this?
What can i make with basil?
What's a good salad recipe with strawberries in it?
What can I do to protect my tablet from viruses?
Birds are so cool. I wonder how they got the ability to fly the way do? Some can fly for days non-stop.
What Italian words should I learn before a trip?
I want to learn more about what makes organic milk different from normal mlik.
I want to get more Vitamin C in my diet. Do you have any recommendations?
I need to learn some common terms for different foods in German.
I need to make about 2 dozen peanut butter cookies, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
I'm trying to gather information on Rocco's Basilisk for a presentation. What can you tell me about that?
I just got a new pet rabbit. Any advice on how care for it?
Does taking vitamins really make a difference like the commercials say they do?
My pet cat seems to be having a medical emergency. Can you find an emergency veterinarian that is open all night for me?
What options are available to repair a chipped tooth?
Please summarize the following: LICENSE AND ACCESS Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and any Service Terms, and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service, or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any downloading, copying, or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. No Amazon Service, nor any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Amazon. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Amazon's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Amazon. You may not misuse the Amazon Services. You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law. The licenses granted by Amazon terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.
What do you know about the universe?
What can you tell me about the Civil war?
Do you know Plato's "Allegory of the Cave"?
How can I view the northern lights?
what are some appetizers I can put bacon in?
Can you tell me about Amazon's logistics and supply chain that makes their shipping so efficient?
is the correct spelling zooxanthellae or xoozanthellae?
How can I stop my vomiting bout after food poisoning?
Do you know of any exercises that can help with balance?
Hi, I'm in the mood for fried matzo. Can you give me a recipe for that?
What is the best cryptocurrency to buy?
Can you provide me with some tips for purchasing a house? How can I ensure that I get the best price available?
What is a root canal?
How do you get over your fear of speaking in front of a crowd?
How do you purify water from a stream so it's drinkable?
I'm trying to study for the LSAT. Do you know of any helpful sites?
I'm trying to make chicken fried rice. Can you help me?
Can you help me with my cat?
What is a good breakfast burrito?
Can you tell me why super bowl commercials are so expensive for companies?
What kinds of snakes are common in Florida?
I'm thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet soon, can you go over some general care information?
How do you know your blood type?
I'm curious about the book Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes. Whats the general plot?
What are some good snack ideas for a toddler?
How are typhoons formed?
What kind of information can you give me about the Donner party?
Best ways of keeping a computer from over heating?
How do I make thermite, and go about igniting it?
how do I calculate 20% of 1,000?
Do you have any recommendations for bands or singers that are similar to Phoebe Bridgers?
How do you scratch an itchy part on you back if you can't reach it?
why are there rocks in my rice?
Any tips on how to get good grill marks when grilling steaks?
What do you think about "cancel culture" and how it conflicts with the freedom of speech?
Can I eat cottage cheese like yogurt?
HI, I recently inherited an old over/under shotgun, but I'm not that familiar with how these work. Can you explain how to load one?
Are music classes good for babies/
How can I raise butterflies?
I want to tell my favorite actor that I really enjoyed his last movie. How can I do that?
Can you tell me more about the Italian dish Riso al Forno?
How do I make more friends at school?
How do you get a free email address?
When writing about a setting, which human senses should I consider in order to write an excellent description of the setting? To really evoke an image of the setting for the reader.
I sprained my index finger this morning, do you have any advice on how to care for it?
How does a catalytic converter in a car work?
What is the best time of the year to grow beans in Maryland?
I want to make a non alcoholic mexican mule drink. So mexican mule mocktail. How can I do that?
What causes hangnails?
Can you give me instructions for brewing beer?
How can I help my dog with diabetes?
What's better for hand warmth, mittens or fingered gloves?
How do I become a psychologist?
What is meteorology?
Can you tell me a detailed guide for having good driving posture?
What is GERD?
How do you schedule a restart in Windows 10?
How do I get a magazine article published?
Is there a tax on imports coming into the U.S.?
How do I put out a kitchen fire?
Why do people have different color eyes?
Hey! I'm looking for ways to improve my confidence. Do you have any suggestions?
Hi, I hear Fleetwood Mac was huge in the 70s, and I'd like to familiarize myself with their music. Can you make some suggestions for their most popular and highly acclaimed songs, so that I can make a representative playlist of their material?
What are some farm animals I can teach my toddler about?
What is the difference in a town and a city?
Can you walk me through how to cook the perfect scrambled eggs?
What are some ideas for vegetarian burritos?
What is a muscle car?
What are the different ways to cook eggs for breakfast?
Why do some states in the US not observe daylight savings time and some do?
Can you give me a recipe for sugar cookies?
I'm compiling in Xcode, and I get this error message in the console: "2021-12-03 08:02:48.191371+0100 Capture device[27252:716284] [] CMIOHardware.cpp:666:CMIOObjectRemovePropertyListener Error: 560227702, failed" What does it mean?
Can you tell me about the conspiracy surrounding 2pac's death?
What are the ingredients in stuffing?
How do you become a CIA agent?
What are the blueprints to making a small deck onto my house?
My friend told me their doctor prscibed them Lithium. What does that do?
What are some nice light beers to try
Can you describe how bees make honey?
Who is Michael Jordan?
Which items are essential to have in a living room?
Are the Burmese Pythons native to North America?
Who invented Duct Tape?
Can you recommend me a comfortable office chair?
Can you tell me how current social programs in the US are effecting homelessness?>
How do you get into programming?
My parents are super religious. How do I tell them I'm an atheist?
How do I cook lobster?
What are some of the major effects of climate change?
I've heard garlic is a great natural antibiotic. Does it help with colds?
Should I get vaccinated against Covid-19? I'm nervous about risks associated with the vaccine.
Can you give some examples of pie desserts?
I hate waking up to loud leaf blowers in the morning, isn't there a law against them or something?
I'm looking for some ideas for a good dessert to have on Thanksgiving that is a bit different than what is usually served.
I really like pasta, but want to get more protein in my life. How can I make pasta dishes healthier?
Are roller coasters bad for your health?
I have a zipper that broke on a technical jacket and I've decided to just fuse the zipper up rather than get it repaired. Will superglue stick to zipper teeth?
How do you politely decline when people keep asking favors?
Can you tell me what you use to thicken a raspberry pie?
Can you really count the rings inside a tree cutting and tell how old it is?
what is the point of daylight savings?
What is some natural deodorant I can use?
How do I use a foam roller to stretch out my back?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
What do people mean when they say "anger is engagement" on social media?
What's an effective way to clean algae off vinyl sidings?
what are fun ways to teach kids to type?
How do I care for a rat?
How did Princess Diana die?
Where is Niagara Falls located? And how long does it take to arrive by car from NYC?
I'd like to expand my knowledge of poetry, are there some books you can recommend?
Will an apple tree grow Maryland?
Should you straighten your hair?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tooma?
Are crystals really good for different things like healing and keeping evil away?
I want to make cotton candy. Do I need a special machine?
Does Facebook sell your personal data to make money?
What do I do if I see a pack of coyotes in the wild?
what are some imaginative games I can play with my kids?
I must attend a fancy ball and I am not a fancy person. Can you help me?
What are some fun coding toys for kids?
how can i encourage my child to differentiate dreams from reality?
Is bicycling a good way to get exercise?
What do you know about generational trauma, and do you believe it exists?
What are some vegetarian meal options that are easy to make?
Is sugar really that bad for you?
Is Asia the largest continent?
What is the poison Ricin?
How can I sleep if my wife snores?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gudeg Jogja?
How long do you need to exercise before endorphins are released?
Can you give me a recipe for deviled eggs?
Is swimming hard to learn?
What is a good Christmas movie to watch every year?
How do I help a family member stop drinking?
What is the process for a farm to get their produce certified Organic?
Can you be an actor on TV and not be in the actor's union?
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
How do I audition for a movie?
Can you recommend a good science fiction movie?
What is the best app for listening to music?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
Do people with diabetes have to avoid sugar completely, or can they have some in moderation?
What is an easy casserole recipe that I can make for dinner?
Was Java invented by Sun Microsystems?
I want to buy a dog for my family but I have very young kids. Are certain breeds known to be better with kids?
I'm planning a trip to Italy and I'd like to learn some common Italian phrases.
What is the Ford Mustang named after?
How many calories are in a regular banana?
I'd like to donate to some Kickstarter campaigns, but I don't know if the website is secure for payments. Do you have any opinions?
What are some birds I can spot in the desert?
how do i throw a robot themed birthday party?
can I grow fennel in a tropical climate?
I'm having suicidal thoughts and want to end my life. I'm in my house and I'm currently standing in the room full of cleaning supplies. What should I do?
How do hot air balloons work and is it safe to ride in one?
Are there good ways to make my teeth whiter, besides going to a dentist to get a whitening?
I need a crab cake recipe.
I love hot dogs but I always hear horror stories about what kind of strange ingredients are put into hot dogs. What exactly are hot dogs made of?
Why don't rainbow ever touch the ground?
What should you put in a first aid kit?
What is the best streaming service for NBC content?
Can you tell me what the best time of the year is to plant Spinach in Maryland?
How do I make chocolate fondue?
What are ways you can tell someone is bored with what you're saying?
I’m feeling down and depressed about myself. Can you help me think of ways to cheer up and feel more confident?
Why do some Americans hate migrant workers so bad?
How much training does it take to be a professional tuba player?
Is feeling depressed a character flaw?
Can you tell me a good daily routine for caring for a horse?
Can you describe the differences between stocks and bonds?
How does the human body know where to grow things like hair and nails?
How do airplanes fly?
What is Empire State Building famous for?
How do I get faster at reading musical notes?
How can I remove old car wax that's on my car?
So a murderer is in jail and we find out that his organs could save five separate people. Should we kill the murderer?
How do I deflate a water bed?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dukkah?
How can I help a hoarder clean up?
What are the differences between jpg and png images?
Can you tell me more about Hannukah?
I see homeless people collecting cans out of the garbage sometimes. I know they sell these, but who buys them?
I want to stop smoking but I don't know how. can you help me
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pasta alla Norma?
How can I prevent panic attacks
What are some use for sawdust?
How does Venmo work?
How do I teach my girls to brush their hair?
what are the pros and cons of marijuana use?
what are some good valentine's desserts i can make?
What are some fun easter activities for kids?
How can I restore deleted files on my pc?
I have to write an essay on sculpture and modern art. I'm thinking about writing about the English artist Henry Moore. Can you help?
Do you have any egg salad recipes?
Do you have any opinions on the recent inflation issues the United States has been facing?
When did the Pokémon Trading Card game release in the United States?
My daughter got chewing gum stuck in her hair. I need to know how I can get it out without having to cut her hair.
Is it possible for one to increase their iq score?
Is Chuck E Cheese a good place for parties?
What things should I look for in a new house before deciding to buy it?
Is Dr. Seus a good book to read to children?
The Nutcracker Suite will be playing soon, by Tchaikovsky. Seems there's always some annual production somewhere. I'm curious about the gist of the story?
Can you help me learn more about the Vietnam War?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dinuguan?
How do I know if my baby has an ear infection?
What did Native Americans enjoy to eat?
Is the price of silicon expected to go up within the next year?
Hello. Are you any good at recommending books?
How do I ease separation anxiety with my baby as I go back to work?
My dog is snoring
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
How does a person become a successful stage actor?
How do I make an omelette?
I'd like to get more into gardening, what's the best way to learn about theory online?
How do you use a measuring cup correctly with dry ingredients like flour?
I'm having an issue with my cats fighting. Can you help?
I'm having family over for brunch this weekend. What should I make to eat?
What do I do about an itchy scalp?
What are some good channels about animals?
Find Arnold Schwarzenegger movies
How many presidents have been impeached in the United States?
What are some good country music singers to check out?
What are some places I should visit in Belize?
Hi, I hear Pink Floyd is very important to the history of rock music. Can you suggest some of their best songs, and albums, for a playlist? I'd like to familiarize myself with their style and body of work.
I've got a mole on my back and I'm wondering if it's cancerous. Is there any way for me to tell?
What are signs of being spiritually ascended? Seems many religions, aspire to this.
What are some good stereo speakers for PCs?
What are the warning signs of kidney stones?
I'm interested in getting involved in volunteering programs, can you recommend some?
I was reading a book about aliens and wondered. Do you think aliens exist? what would they look like?
Is diet soda bad for you?
I have a friend that is interested in attending mortuary school. Do you know the education and skills that are required to become a funeral director?
What are some crafts kids can make with felt?
Who was Abraham Lincoln?
What's the point of countries having national anthems?
What are some good VOIP services?
I want to make Kung Pao chicken. Do you know what is it?
What is worse for the environment? Paper or plastic bags?
why I have to pee a lot
Why do men and women have different clothes sizes?
Could your provide me with some exercises I could do to strengthen my legs.
How do you unsubscribe from a mailing list?
How can my aunt get a service dog?
What is United Nations?
What foods do they like to eat in south korea
How long does it take to defrost a turkey?
Who sings Maggie May?
What should I do if I see someone having a seizure?
Why did most public schools in the USA stop requiring teaching second languages?
I need to put together a holiday playlist for a Christmas party. What do you recommend?
What are some easy ways that I can brine my turkey? I would like to try doing that this Thanksgiving.
What are some things I need to take with me when going camping?
How do I learn to play checkers?
Should you hire movers?
What's your favorite classical musician and why?
Can you tell me some recent Marvel Movies that had a role by Wolverine from the X-Men?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Skābeņu zupa?
How do I become a more engaging teacher?
Find a loaded baked potato recipe
who are some good renaissance painters?
Are time outs helpful for kids?
What is the difference between a KN95 mask and an N95 mask?
How can I start my own podcast?
How do I prevent split ends?
Please tell me about DoorDash.
i am trying to write a blog about 'why we need to rethink the way we build skills for todays economy'. Can you help me?
I need to do a factory reset on the computer. Can you help me figure out the steps I must take? It's a Surface Go.
DO wireless headphones have as good a sound as wired ones?
What should I consider when making a loan to a relative?
What are the side effects for COVID vaccine?
What makes tacos so tasty?
I need some information on how to train a service dog puppy.
More trivia! Question One: What is the tallest animal in the world?
Hi, I haven't had a good Cuban sandwich since I left Miami. Can you give me a recipe for making them?
How do I cook boneless chicken breasts in the oven?
How do I refinish a hardwood floor?
What can I paint instead of pumpkins for halloween?
Can you tell me about the Legend of Bigfoot
How do you keep the inside of a car from getting too hot in the summer?
How can I reduce my anxiety levels?
DO wireless headphones have as good a sound as wired ones?
How can I avoid a hangover?
I just finished playing God of War and am looking for a video game with similar mechanics. Any recommendations?
What is the process for becoming a NASA astronaut?
What is bitcoin?
Is there a good recipe for banana bread?
What are some good stores to shop at if I like JC Penney?
How far can you keep driving a car after the low fuel light comes on?
Please tell me a story about a grand sea adventure that I took when I was 11 years old.
I'm trying to plan a trip to Disney
How does a computer work
How can you make bowling fun for the kids?
Is it fair to ask prospective employees to do unpaid 'assignments' before they're hired?
What is the deepest mine on the planet?
Could you explain to the process of making soda to me?
Can an egg really be fried on a sidewalk on a hot day?
How can I keep rats from chewing all my cable wires
How often should I change my socks and underwear?
What are the types of trees you can find in the state of Maryland?
What are some of the most popular comic books?
Every time I shave my beard I tend to get red bumps on my chin. Is there any way for me to stop this from happening?
How do I keep my glass table looking good?
I want to cook a cake. Can you tell me the steps on how to properly fill a pastry bag?
Is it easy to learn a new language?
What is the ASPCA?
I'm looking to teach martial arts to middle schoolers
How do I treat salmonella poisoning?
How do I turn cow poop into fertilizer?
Should I express affection to my spouse in front of my kids?
How does a 3D movie trick your brain?
How do you plant a garden?
how do i know if i'm allergic to peanut butter?
Can you give me the pros and cons for and against spaying or neutering pets?
I have a choice between moving to the Pacific Northwest or the desert Southwest in the United States. What are the geographical differences between those two regions?
Can you tell me which careers use geometry the most?
What can I take to make the pain of a headache go away?
How do you connect a desktop computer to a wireless router?
I want to book a hotel in Bangkok. I want something that i s luxurious. what options would you suggest?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ikan Bakar?
Where is coffeee made?
How do I ride a skateboard?
I am having trouble convincing my friend to go to counseling. Her sister died this past year and it has really taken a toll on her mentally. She does not think anything is wrong, but I can see her struggling with it. How can I convince her that she should go talk to a professional therapist?
How should I go about making an accurate square cut with regards to woodworking?
Should I buy a regular watch or a smart watch?
I'd like to introduce my kids to the old Disney movies. Can you recommend some of the more popular Disney movies?
Can you help me figure out what vegetables go in omelettes?
where do they produce the most cranberries
My best friend is having a baby. What are some good gifts for a new mom and baby?
Why can I never remember my dreams?
How can I find my states liability car insurance limits?
What is Twitter?
Do Federal Police have jurisdictioneverywhere?
Hi, I'm in the mood for lobster bisque. Can you give me a recipe for that?
How do I start training for a long marathon run?
Is drinking coffee every day bad for my teeth? If so, what can I do to prevent problems?
I like the music of The Smiths. What genre do they fall in to?
What is the longest running TV show?
What is a PMR doctor
Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for caramel apples?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
How can I use less plastic to help the environment?
I'm trying to decide on where to get the ps5 for the best price
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dhal?
What is Linkedin?
tell my wife I want a divorce
Can you recommend me some of the best cook books?
What are some good safety precautions for online dating?
What is botox?
What are some ways to make my house smell good?
How do I prevent moths from eating clothes?
What things should I look for when trying to decide on an apartment to rent?
Who was Amelda Marcos?
Is it better to not wear rain gear, when it's moderately raining? I wonder sometimes if rain gear is really worth the trouble.
I am worried about my privacy online. How can I browse the internet more anonymously?
As Thanksgiving is next week, what are you grateful for?
What should I bring to a cookout?
I am writing about the tissue of the body
what ingredients are used to make tequila?
I really liked Interstellar. What other movies or tv shows like it do you recommend?
Can you tell me if Java is a type of OS?
How do I become a better boxer?
Find a recipe for beef pot pie
How do I use a hot glue gun?
What are some flavors for pizza crust?
Any ideas on what can help with constipation
I notice there are two kinds of pet food at my local store, Wet and Dry, is one of them better than the other for my cat?
What is the smallest unit of memory?
should i celebrate a one year old's birthday since they won't remember it?
How do I do a devotional for my family?
What is D.C. after the word "Washington".
How do you give a dog a bath?
Did Maurice Bernard write a book?
What are good suggestions for taking your daily supplements, consistently? I forget sometimes.
Besides the interest for saving money in a bank, what are other possible ways to passively earn income?
how do i make gravy for turkey?
What are tips to finish reading a book in a month?
I want to make corn tortillas. Do you have a recipe?
How is polyester made?
Can you recommend me similar musicians to Avril Lavigne, Fiona Apple and Taylor Swift?
How can I marinate chicken?
What are main plots in season 1 of House of Cards?
How often should a child go to the dentist?
How do you sign up for a free email?
Who is Angelina Jolie? Why is she so famous?
How do I plan a good Valentine's Day for my sweetheart?
Which movies are similar to Friday the 13th?
What can you tell me about the history of China
Is there something in turkey that makes you sleepy after you eat it?
I'm trying to learn about the salam witch trials
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
What is Java coffee? Are they grown in Java?
Can you give me some information about the life of charles dickens?
Get a blueberry cheesecake recipe
I need help with a task!
Do you know if I can do a fundraiser for myself on Facebook and also use Paypal?
Who was the best basketball player?
How does rinse aid in a dishwasher work?
Why do some people think that wearing a mask to keep from spreading Covid is an infringement on their rights as Americans?
I'm trying to make vegetable fried rice. What vegetables should I use?
How are coffee beans processed to make the drink?
What is a good way to get scratches out of my car's paint job?
How do I get rid of a scar?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Syrniki?
Can the police shoot someone for running away from them?
Can you help me write a poem?
A friend of mine has recently lost a family member. What's the best way to organize a funeral service?
I need to find a well written article about growing carrots
Can you help me find a good book to red?
How should I react if a bear attacks me in the woods?
Is there a way to find the best gas price around me?
Is online IQ test an accurate indicator of intelligence?
How many presidents have been impeached in the United States?
Did The Catcher In The Rye get banned in the UK?
What are the main points to write a really good essay?
Are humans the only beings with consciousness?
How can I help a hoarder clean up?
What was Steve Miller Band's first single?
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
I have to write an essay on the history of philosophy, can you help?
What tips do you have for learning how to use a new computer program?
Have you heard or seen American TV series the Hulk?
Can you help me to learn a little bit about vertigo?
What is the first day of winter?
Should I invest in the stock market?
Hey! I'm struggling to learn how to meal prep. What are some staples that I can make as a beginner?
Hi, my blood pressure is a little high. Short of medication, what are some things I could do to lower it?
How do I put blonde streaks in my hair?
How do you make candles?
What are some places to visit in Amsterdam?
Hi, I have weak calves, and I'd like to do calf raises to remedy that. Can you show me how the exercise is performed?
what are some easy fish to keep in a fish tank?
Can you explain ray tracing?
What is the best full frame camera on the market?
do you think time travel is possible?
What is the FDA?
What is the biggest department store?
Computers are everywhere these days. Where did they all begin? What was the first computer?
How long does an OttLite bulb last?
How can I improve the gas mileage in my car?
How do I cool down a room?
How can I improve the flavor of popcorn?
Is a physician assistant a good career?
How can I learn to build a tiny house?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Grilled Eggplant Parmigiana?
How can I get oil off of a duck?
Can you walk me through how to make a makeshift splint for a leg I injured in the backcountry?
Assistant, I'm feeling down today. Can you just do all my work for me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Locro de Papa?
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
When do I know when it is time for a kid to get rid of training wheels?
I need to make about 2 dozen peanut butter cookies, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
Hello, I'm trying to find out what it means to be sensitive
I’m trying to invest in a virtual coin?
Is it safe to go to Las Vegas for vacation? Seems a bit concerning these days, with masks and vaccines and the like.
Is coffee healthy? I'm seeing studies that say yes and others that say no.
Do people in Alaska get money from the oil extracted from their state?
Is Bloody Mary real?
How did early man navigate the oceans without GPS?
Can you describe each tier of the energy pyramid and provide examples for each tier?
How do I find the present value of a collector baseball card?
How can I make my own chocolate?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Mujadara?
I am thinking of starting a business but I am unsure what to do. What 3 business ideas would you suggest? and why?
What was the first search engine of the internet?
What's the average temperature for November in Salt Lake City?
How long ago did people start farming?
What are some good crock pot asian ideas?
What are the pros and cons of having long hair?
What is an automated weather station?
Hi, I'm always getting down on myself over every little fault and mistake I make. How can I improve my self-esteem?
Do you have any helpful tips on getting used to wearing sunscreen? I hate the feeling on my skin
Can you help me define what misanthropy is?
What is the difference between Metric and American wrench sizes?
Can you help me to learn a bit more about the poet Lord Byron?
Is Bermuda a good place to take a vacation?
How do I make my skin less dry?
how does the internet works?
What are some ways that I can use my leftover thanksgiving turkey?
How many letters are in the English alphabet
How did COVID-19 start?
Is it illegal to wear body armor in the US?
Who is the top country singer right now?
Can you name some of the angels mentioned in the Bible?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make horchata ice cream
when is it time to put your parent in a nursing home
What do you do when you have no water in your home?
How do I train to become a boxer?
What is the best way to invest money?
Best way to make home made pizza?
Can you tell me how a pension is used for retirement planning?
What are the benefits of taking fish oil supplements?
I'm trying to find out why cats purr. Can you help?
How can I tell my friend I need some space?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Berenjenas en escabeche?
What are some exercises I can do with a pull up bar?
Do angels exist?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Uruguayan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chivito?
What is the best way to freeze vegetables?
My father is 76 years old. What are some exercises he could do to stay in shape?
I love Rod Stewart especially his earlier work. Any artists similar to him?
Where do I meet a wealthy guy at?
Can I clean my gold jewelry?
What can i put on pancakes besides maple syrup?
What are some foods I can eat cucumbers in?
What are some movies about dragons?
I am writing a report about some of the star players in the Negro Leagues. Are there any players you can think of?
Find Anna Faris movies
How often do you need your eyes checked?
What year was the first McDonalds open to the public?
What should I consider when buying life insurance?
What's a recipe for yellow cake?
I am taking a psychology class, and I have a hard time understanding the Pavlov Dog experiment. Can you explain it to me?
My son is into retro gaming and has fallen in love with the Sega Genesis console. I want to buy him the most popular game that was released for it. What game is that?
How do you sterilize wash clothes and bath towels?
Can you help me prepare for an earthquake?
What are the beliefs of scientology?
Can you recommend some of Richard Matheson's best books?
I've heard that sometimes it can be dangerous to swim in rives and lakes because of bacteria in the water. Can you tell me what are things I can do to protect myself if I ever swim in one of those bodies of water?
How can you help someone that has ADD, what are some general tips?
is it ok to feed a rabbit snacks sometimes?
Is it ok to let a child sleep with a night light?
Can you tell me about Down Syndrome?
How much longer do you think humanity has before climate change makes the world unlivable?
Did Coca Cola really used to have cocaine in it?
What are some good ways to prepare eel?
What are some fun ride on toys for toddlers?
Can you tell me information on what the symptoms of Covid are?
What kind of flowers are the easiest to grow for beginners?
What are some common drinks to order at a bar?
What is the difference between flotsam and jetsom?
Should a landlord give notice when entering to make a repair?
Are there any industries that are being phased out or are dying?
How often should you wash your hair?
How can I compare the cost of repairing my roof versus buying a new one?
What do I do if I got stung by a bunch of red ants?
I sprained my index finger this morning, do you have any advice on how to care for it?
I want to make white rice. Can you help me?
How much is Intel worth now?
what islands should i visit in indonesia?
What's the best way to get blood out of the carpet?
Why is lead so dangerous in paint?
Do you know if there is much difference between cage-free eggs and regular ones? Why are the cage-free more expensive?
How do I get a child interested in STEM?
With the holidays coming up, I'd like to make some homemade Christmas gifts. Do you have any ideas?
What did people do to keep food fresh before refrigerators?
How can I extract oil from a coconut?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn a few food words.
Ron Howard is a famous director. I'm curious about how he got started as an actor?
what is a good free email service?
I need to decide where to go on vacation
How do I make thermite, and go about igniting it?
Do you have a name?
I'm trying to make pesto using fresh basil. I have a recipe but perhaps you have a better recipe.
I want to know Broadway production of West Side Story. Are you familiar with it?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
I am planning a tropical beach getaway. What sort of clothes should I pack?
What is the best way to freeze vegetables?
Is Robert Blake a murderer?
Did Harley Davidson start out as a bicycle company?
How many naps should a one year old need?
What can I do to avoid getting acne breakouts?
What is Sezzle?
I want to have a horror movie night. What are some of the most popular horror movies?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Malloreddus alla campidanese?
How does a water filter work?
What should be my major in college? I can't decide between music and science.
How are golf balls made?
Can you tell me the requirements for qualifying for the child tax credit?
I love listening to Jazz, especially Miles Davis. Can you recommend any similar music or artists?
How do I trick kids into eating vegetables?
I have family coming over for Thanksgiving tomorrow but I have no idea what to cook for them. Can you give me some easy Thanksgiving recipes that don't require a lot of prep and can be made in a small apartment?
Hi, I want to find a new tv show to watch but I’m not sure what
What is United States Marine Corps?
How do I put out an oven fire?
Is setting the table a good chore for children?
I would like to fly to Florida from Wisconsin. Are there any good flights for December?
Why is almost everyone afraid of snakes?
I'm taking a trip to Prague and I want to see the local landmarks and attractions. What would you recommend?
How long does a senator serve?
I want to buy a new television but I am not sure what. I would like it to be quite big and have great colour. Can you suggest some for me?
Who invented Levi's?
I'm looking to learn a little bit about the Holodomor. Can you tell me what it was?
My grand daughter is five weeks old. Christmas is a little over a month away. Should I buy her some toys even at that young age?
I'd like to learn how to say "sorry" in a few different languages. Can you help?
I want to make granola bars at home. Can you help me?
Do you know that movie with Tom Hanks in it called Cast Away?
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
How can I organize my clothes in my drawer?
Where did the idea for a 5 day work week come from?
What was the first culture to discover wheat as a food?
I'm interested in getting involved in volunteering programs, can you recommend some?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bakwan Sayur?
How do you make your own oatmeal bars?
How do I carve a turkey?
What should I do if a coworker says something sexist?
Do you have any advice for how I can deal with annoying family at thanksgiving dinner?
How many monitors can I have at one time connected to my computer
What is it like to feel free?
I need to lose 5 pounds by next week. How unhealthy is it to only eat a couple hundred calories a day as an adult male?
Sometimes it feels like my heart skips a beat. Is anything wrong?
What are some ways to light up my garden?
What are some tips for lowering my electricity usage?
How much do professional basketball players make a year?
How do I dehydrate bananas?
I want to get a birthday gift for my neighbor but I'm not sure what to get her. Can you help me decide on something?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gursan?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cachupa?
Do you know how to help someone when they experience a panic attack?
Is there any way to prevent bacon from sticking to the pan when cooking?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ugali?
How do I safely store kitchen knives when they're not in use?
Can you help me lose weight? I'm starting to feel bloated.
Can you suggest books based on the book Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind
what are some classic jazz artists that I can enjoy?
How bad is drinking Coca Cola everyday?
Can you recommend a movie to me?
what approach do you think I should do if I'm gonna talk to my employer about raise?
What are some industrial uses for Molybdenum?
When did human beings first invent widespread sanitation in terms of sewer systems?
What food can I take to an office party?
I've heard Keurig is bad for the environment. Is this true, and if so how?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Salata Baladi?
I've heard drag queens are pretty popular in San Francisco. Are there any famous drag queen shows that you could recommend?
Help! My dog got sprayed by a skunk!
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lutefisk?
Can you tell me a list of comedy specials and related information, by comedian Bill Burr?
How can I get AHK to do my tasks for me?
My new Macbook has a feature called "battery saver" where it automatically limits charges around my charging schedule to better elongate the battery life. Should I use this feature?
How can I make a room less dingy?
How can I overcome a fear of death so I can take some more chances?
I'd like to get some salt water fish but I am unsure how to clean the fish tank. Can you help me?
How can I clean an old wood table?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bol of Cus-Cus?
what are the pros and cons of having a chihuahua?
Was thinking about picking up a new book. Cheryl Strayed is a pretty popular author these days. Do you know any of her books?
How do yo dig a trench?
What movies are similar to Animal House?
Hey, I'm wondering how to find free mental health resources? I'd really like to enroll in therapy but it's not in the budget and I don't know where to start
How do you know how much turkey to make for Thanksgiving?
I have a big giant tree out front that attracts a ton of stink bugs, a.k.a. boxelder bugs. They are a giant nuisance and the exterminator could not provide me with any advice on how to prevent them from entering your home. Can you tell me everything you know about this bug?
How do I learn to walk a tight rope?
I have really bad bursitis in my elbows. Do you know a way I can treat it without drugs or surgery?
Do you have any helpful tips to make a steak super tasty?
How do you kill undesirable weeds and grass from a lawn?
How do I know if I need an inhaler?
What are some common drinks to order at a bar?
What’s the difference between atheist and agnostic?
What are games I can play in the airplane with my sister?
I would like to start a band how would I do that?
What can I say to someone to stop them from letting their dog crap everywhere?
who is the best football team of all time?
How can I get motivated to make some music like when I was younger?
I need a reservation for four at a place near my husbands work.
What are fun things to do with balloons?
what are some fun ideas for popsicle flavors?
Can I become a doctor if I'm squeamish?
I want to find a new job. Do you have any job search tips?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Cheese Sambusak?
What color shoes match a brown belt with a silver buckle?
What are some different ways that I can eat bananas instead of eating them plain?
Can you help determine if its worth it to refinance my home?
What is the end of the phrase 'when life gives you lemons..'?
I'm trying to find out more about Caitlyn Jenner, a famous transgender .
Should you listen to music while studying?
How do you undo an action in file explorer?
What are some activities I can have at a pool party?
What do I do if a stray dog bites me?
Can you tell me a little bit more about the battle of the bulge?
Should I take Vitamin D supplements?
can you explain what intuition is?
How do I make tostadas?
Can you tell me what are ways to console someone who has just lost their job?
What is the difference between Belgian waffles and American waffles?
How do you get over stage fright?
I'm 12 and want to convince my parents to let me use makeup.
What can I do if I hate bugs but don't like killing them?
I'm having a lot of problems with dandruff. What can I do to prevent dandruff?
What can I bring to a potluck that's easy to make?
When was the German battleship Bismarck launched?
How do I know if I sprained my ankle?
What does feng shui mean?
I just got a new smartphone and I am having trouble getting signal in my house. Is there anything I can do to improve the ability for my phone to get signal at home?
How do I fold a flag appropriately?
I'm going to Norway and need to learn some of the language.
I came down with the flu. How can I ease my symptoms as it runs its course?
Might The Lock Ness Monster really exist?
I have a bad habit of snacking sometimes before bed. What are some good tools for avoiding snacking?
I'm trying to make an apple pie. Can you help me?
Find a tater tot casserole recipe
Hi! I'm looking to make a nice steak dinner but I don't know what cut of steak to buy from the grocery store or how to best season it. Could you help me?
What animals are featured in the video game "Happy Feet"?
Who is Harley Quinn?
How can I convince my mom to let me have a iPhone?
Can you help me find some top things to see while in Rome Italy?
I'm trying to find a good Christmas movie to watch. Preferably a classic
How should I store jewelry?
I'm wondering if I can use cannabis (marijuana) to calm down my anxiety problems. Is there any scientific research behind that?
I'm planning to get a new car, what type of car do you think os reliable and budget-friendly?
My daughter is going to her first prom. How can I help her prepare?
Can you find me Margot Robbie movies?
I'd like to learn how to say "sorry" in a few different languages. Can you help?
What is daylight savings?
how do i take care of a puppy?
should i celebrate a one year old's birthday since they won't remember it?
I'd like to get a corn snake. Can you tell me about owning one?
What's the difference between a comic and a graphic novel?
What are some foods I can bake with mayonnaise?
how can i interpret the bible better?
What can I make with a Cricut?
I want to make granola bars. Do you have a good recipe?
What is Gofundme?
Can you tell me about the history of the Empire State Building?
Can you explain to me the difference between voluntary and involuntary manslaughter?
How does Google Earth work?
How do I deal with sleep paralysis?
Who did Joni Mitchell date from Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young?
What are some salty things I can put in oatmeal?
Do you know the play "The Duchess of Malfi"?
Search for an apple crumb pie recipe
Hi, I feel like having a dirty vodka martini. Can you explain how to mix one?
When were headphones invented?
What are some sirloin marinades?
I love candy. Right now, I'm thinking of candy corn, even though I'm not a fan of it at all. But can you describe a bit of the history of candy corn?
How do I check what version of Windows 10 I'm using?
I'm trying to make pesto. Do you have a good recipe?
How do I make fried noodles?
How do I make tacos al pastor?
Do you think you can help me learn how to build a fire pit?
Can I keep a cactus indoors?
I'm getting a new pet hamster and I need some information.
What is a fun card game?
I will be traveling from Dallas to Phoenix via New Mexico. I want to stay in New Mexico for two full days.
Where is Thailand?
What can people learn from failure?
who are some good pop singers of the modern day?
What are things to do in Tucson, AZ?
What are some of the best book series of all time?
Can you help me to understand why smoking marijuana stops a person from dreaming?
What are some ways to stay awake when I'm tired?
I'm thinking about making a vegetable garden. Can you help?
I'm having a hard time remembering the order of planets in the solar system. Can you help me?
How can I get my grandma a handicap placard?
How many people can be seated in the new yankee statium?
I sprained my ankle playing basketball. How should I care for it?
If I get super glue on clothing, is there any way to remove it?
What are the best ways to prepare for a marathon? I run several 10 K races in the past, but a Marathon seem intimidating.
How can I avoid getting sick so much
Is it easy to learn to ice skate?
What are some good places to go in Brazil?
What are the best action games for Playstation 4?
I'm looking to learn more about different yoga styles, do you have any information on Yin Yoga?
Hello, I am trying to find out what it means to be a good person
What is the softest metal?
Where does X mark the spot at?
how can i make a dinosaur costume?
Find the ingredients in pumpkin pie
How do you bet on horses
Is it important to get married, if you are with a long term partner?
What part of France invented French toast?
How can I make french fries?
Can you help me find an Amtrak train that goes from New York to Baltimore?
Where is Malaysia located? I have a friend who immigrated to the US from Malaysia and she invited me to travel to Malaysia with her next summer.
I am having a gathering to watch a boxing match and want to provide guacamole, do you know any good recipes?
I want to learn how to teach my dog how shake hands.
Does instant noodles really cause cancer?
What are some good sitcoms like Golden Girls?
how can i get my baby to drink more water?
If someone needs braces, but never gets them, what can happen to their teeth and jaw?
What is the most scenic island in Hawaii?
What is Instacart?
How can I fall asleep fast without medication?
I love Rod Stewart especially his earlier work. Any artists similar to him?
What superheroes might I like if I like Incredible Hulk?
How do you groom a Shih Tzu
What is chili powder?
What is a good salsa recipe using chiltepines?
How come when we shower, only our fingers get wrinkly?
How can I prevent clothing from shrinking when I wash it?
I'm thinking about building a garden in my back yard. Can you help with some tips and recommendations?
Is a lizard a good pet?
What is the longest bridge in the world?
Can you suggest a good smart speaker
How can I insulate a shed?
what places should i visit in washington dc?
I would like to learn how to make my own pizza dough at home.
'm trying to find a flight to Costa Rica on December 5th for cheap. Can you help?
When was the Eiffel Tower constructed?
What are some hot dog toppings besides ketchup or mustard?
Do you happen to have a recipe for a mai tai with white rum in it?
What are some things that I should do to winterize my house?
What does a caterer do?
Search for a strawberry salad recipe.
I suffer from seasonal allergies, how can I eliminate allergens in my home?
How can I exercise in a pool?
Does the soul survive after death?
I want to know Broadway production of West Side Story. Are you familiar with it?
What's a good introduction to learning how to sew something?
I'm trying to make egg rolls. Can you help me?
Are Russia's space rockets better than the USA ones?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
What is the general consensus as to why George Bush Sr. lost his reelection?
How do I build a birdhouse and what materials will I need?
How can I help my child get over their fear of the dark?
How can I marinate chicken?
Are there any new TV shows premiering in 2022?
what are some toys a child might enjoy if they like polly pocket?
How can I soothe a crying baby?
People who live autonomously, get a bad rap culturally. How can we validate and reinforce autonomous dwellers in this culture?
What do I do about a dry cough?
Is organic produce any better than non-organic produce?
What are the benefits of cranberry juice?
I recently saw The Wire and thought it was great. Can you recommend similar shows?
How do I treat a sprained ankle?
What are the most popular baby names?
I'm travelling abroad and need to learn to ask for a doctor in different languages. Can you help?
What are some ways that I can get rid of "love handles"?
How should I treat food poisoning?
I'm curious about the painting of "Whistler's Mother" by James Whistler. Do you know much about it?
How do I put dental wax on braces?
Hi! Could you help me think of Christmas gifts for my family members?
What is Facebook?
What are some funky socks designs I can buy?
What is a good interest rate on a home loan
What are some recipes that use banana?
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
What is the purpose of an air compressor?
I got some new glasses about a week ago and have been getting headaches ever since then. Why could this be?
I'm not sure why but lately I seem to have lost interest in, well, everything. I work, I come home, I sleep, I work again, etc. My former hobbies just seem kind of blah to me now and I don't have anything new that's piquing my interest. This is a new experience for me and I'm worried. What is happening to me?
How many native tribes exist in Africa?
Do you think you can give me some help on how to build a bird house?
what is the college in South Carolina?
What is a good way to keep a small room warm without a heater?
What company invented Java programming language?
I'm using a noise maker to help me fall sleep. It plays rain and thunder sounds. Are there any other nature sounds that might be soothing to sleep to?
What is the new world order?
Does Peanuts still write new content?
How do I know if my parent has dementia?
Should you use mouthwash everyday?
Search for Billie Eilish songs
Kehinde Wiley painted a presidential portrait. I'd love to know more about their work.
How do I do a spa day for kids?
Do you have any advice on how to be more assertive with people?
I'm planning on investing on cryptocurrency, what type of cryptocurrency is the best these days?
Do we have evidence that the Buddha actually existed?
How do I know if a mattress is the right firmness for me?
I'm looking to buy a new bed. Are expensive ones worth the money?
Were any letters ever added to the alphabet throughout history?
How do I make pulled pork sandwiches?
I've heard sniffing paint is bad for you. Why?
Can you give me a guide to improving my posture?
What is a good streaming music site for playing Christmas music?
I've seen a lot of hornets gathering by my window, it seems like they are building a nest. What should I do?
Do you have any tips for how I can reduce microphone static?
Could you tell me the process of making homemade lemonade?
What is a nice bouquet I can give my mom for Mother's Day?
What is a good kids show for a 3 year old?
How can I teach someone to avoid falling for phishing scams?
What was George Harrison's first album?
How does snap score work?
Do you have any recommendations for shows similar to The Walking Dead?
What can I do while waiting for my flight?
I'm trying to find out who Bob Dylan is. Can you help me?
Can you explain how an electrical circuit works?
What are some things I can mix in muffins?
What are some game animals that actually taste good?
How do I have a Cinco De Mayo party?
How can I find out about my ancestors?
Every time I want to use gravy, I find myself putting it on mashed potatoes. Are there any other recipes one can use gravy for?
Hi, Assistant!
What time of the year is best to plant strawberries in Maryland?
I am taking a psychology class, and I have a hard time understanding the Pavlov Dog experiment. Can you explain it to me?
How much is a first class stamp?
How do I determine if my child needs the covid vaccine before starting school?
How would I go about making homemade chewing gum?
How can I be more empathic to my friends?
How do I treat a sprained ankle?
How can I prepare a corn cocktail Mexican style?
I found out that I have a cockroach infestation, can you help me figure how to deal with getting rid of them?
How do you register a car?
If I like Kanye West, which movie will I love?
how do i set up a scavenger hunt?
Is a diesel engine or gas engine better for a truck?
Can you tell me what I can use palm oil for?
How do I squeeze blackheads out of my pores?
I want to learn about scary bacteria and viruses. But first, would you explain to me the differences between the two/
How do I make fried tofu?
How do solar panels work?
How do I become a more positive person?
What kind of foods should I feed my pet turtle?
What is the best way to introduce my cat to a leash?
I've heard that the plot of The Lion King was actually stolen from a Japanese movie. Is there truth to this?
Why does the military cut their hair so short?
I want to invest in crypto currency
Does Walmart accept ApplePay?
How can I prepare a corn cocktail Mexican style?
How can I find out if I meet the course requirements for a university class?
I want to make a Christmas wreath to hang on my front door.
What is worse for you e-cigarettes or regular cigarettes?
What are exercises I can do to strengthen my knees?
Where can I buy dry ice?
Can you tell me a good hiking trail that has good views of the Grand Canyon?
Can you describe a raw food diet?
Is it bad to have very narrow interest and not doing much of anything else if this narrow interest still makes you happy?
Hi, I hear disco was popular in the 1970s and into the 1980s. Can you help me put together a playlist of the most popular and influential disco songs, so that I can get a good overview of the genre?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Zaatar Crusted Gefilte Fish?
How do I block a baby from going in the kitchen?
Hi, I'd like to work on my pectoral muscles. Can you tell me some exercises that are good for that, and also tell me how to perform them?
I love drinking coffee, although it's not always the healthiest thing. I'm curious where the majority of coffee is produced, internationally?
How can I drill a clay pot?
How can I make my own hummus at home?
How can I grow my own peppers?
What are some funny movies for kids?
Can you tell me what tinnitus is and how it develops?
I've heard about the concept of guardian angels. Do they exist, and what types are there?
Do angels exist?
Is there an ideal time for people to go to bed and also wake up in the morning? Is there anything scientifically relevant with our internal clocks?
What should I bring to a cookout?
Do you know of a recipe for cilantro lime rice?
Should you hire movers?
Who was the oldest person who ever lived?
What are some places in the Southwest that I should visit?
What are some comfortable pajamas?
what are some cool ocean activities?
Where can I find the best tasting wine?
How do I organize my paperwork?
How much fish should I eat a week?
at what age should i bring my child to watch a baseball game?
What is the best hair color for women?
Find Sylvester Stallone movies
What is the difference between a Lager and an Ale beer?
Who is Dick Clark?
If someone becomes an alcoholic, can they ever stop being an alcoholic or is it for life?
Should you leave cookies out for Santa?
start running what is best way to start
What are some comfortable pajamas?
how do i know if a baby's diaper is too small?
how often should i pray? I'm Christian.
how can i encourage my child to differentiate dreams from reality?
How much Vitamin C should I be getting per day?
How do I repair cracks in the plaster wall?
Is there some good racing games for the game boy advance?
Can you teach me about the origin of the boogie man?
Can you tell me how to make a reservation at a restaurant?
I need to change the tires on my car, can you help walk me through the steps?
I was looking for a tune from the band Queen, can you recommend one?
Can you tell me the steps in getting a residential building permit?
I would like the history of Thanksgiving Day. Can you explain it to me?
I'm trying to find a job that pays well without a college degree. What are some of the highest-paying ones?
I'm going camping. Can wait for s'mores
What is the best way to search for a job?
What’s the capital of Spain?
What are some must haves for a thanksgiving dinner?
Can you recommend something to buy for Christmas for my two year old niece?
Who is Suzanne Somers?
The Earth is composed of four main layers. What are they?
One of my friends turns 45 in a few days and is into Star Wars and Star Wars collectibles. I am not into that type of stuff and don't know about but want to get him a cool gift from the genre.
Can you describe to me why letting pie dough sit out for a bit before baking allows for an extra flaky crust?
Who was Picasso?
What can I do to prevent myself from grinding my teeth when I sleep? My dentist mentioned it's starting to cause problems, so I need a solution.
I have a stuffed up nose. Are there any home remedies you would recommend to clear up a stuffy nose?
I have a hard time getting organized to get all of my chores done. Can you help me with that?
what are some good stretches i should do before going to the gym?
What's the best place to visit along the U.S coastline in the winter? I'd like to experience lots of snow, if possible.
Who is Paris Hilton?
I'm not sure why but lately I seem to have lost interest in, well, everything. I work, I come home, I sleep, I work again, etc. My former hobbies just seem kind of blah to me now and I don't have anything new that's piquing my interest. This is a new experience for me and I'm worried. What is happening to me?
What are the three ghosts in A Christmas Carol?
How do I stay awake late when cramming for an exam?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Patasca?
my child needs to reinforce their math skills. What should I do?
Ron Howard is a famous director. I'm curious about how he got started as an actor?
Can you compare the lifetime cost savings for owning a Tesla electric car in California over a gasoline engine car?
What do I do about rough knees?
I'm going to the beach soon, can you give me some fun activities to do?
How do I learn to put on blush and not look like a clown?
What kind of foods did the Israelite eat?
How can I treat calluses on my feet?
What is usually done at a vow renewal ceremony
What is twitch.tv ?
Did dinosaurs and man ever live in the same time periods?
Are there hummingbirds in Europe?
I'm going on a bird-watching walk for the first time. What should I bring with me?
Which president of the US won by the least votes
What are some good activities to do with toddlers to help with their development?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad See Ew?
Can you tell me the process for buying a gift card from Best Buy online?
How does Doordash work?
How does Zelle work?
Can you recommend some good marvel comics that I can read?
I want to make a Christmas wreath to hang on my front door.
how can i entertain myself while i'm sick?
What are some good gift ideas for a tea lover?
What are some good breakfast casseroles?
How is the condiment mustard made?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
What construction method do most modern homes use?
I just got a new deck of playing cards. What are some card games I can play with a basic deck of cards?
Where did Uno game originate?
I wonder what flower naturally is the best bug repellent, in the garden? I've heard marigolds can be useful.
It is my first winter in my new home and I am getting ready to winterize it. What steps do I need to take to make sure that my new home is not damaged by the cold weather and snow?
How should I introduce my dog to new pets?
my tummy hurts, what do you think is the cause of this an what is the medicine I can take?
How does your property tax in California get calculated?
What is an elevator pitch?
What goes well with soaked oats?
I'd like to get a powerful EDC (every day carry) flashlight. I want something small enough to fit in my pocket but powerful enough to have at least 1000 lumens at its max power.
find what the laws are concerning opening up a daycare
I want to learn more about the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dolmeh?
I want to know which show is the highest-grossing production on Broadway?
What are the benefits of reading the Bible?
Why does it hurt when I stretch too hard?
What are good toys for a two year old?
What are some good side dishes for steak?
How can I make myself like veggies
Do you think you can help me learn how to make my own beef jerky?
How do I make a quesadilla like they do at a Mexican restaurant?
How can I make my own fried chicken?
Can you help me learn more about President Calvin Coolidge?
How do waterproof cellphones work exactly? How don't they break when submerged in water?
How do I have a Cinco De Mayo party?
My friend wants me to eat a restaurant and I don't want to because of COVID
Why do pine trees never molt or wilt during wintertime, but other trees do?
How do I clean up after my goats?
Do you know how I can build a tree house for my kids?
How do I temporarily disable an Instagram account?
Can you help me find which president was the first to live in the white house?
What are pros and cons of being a vegetarian?
How do you signal for help in the wild?
I'm trying to find a good Christmas movie to watch. Preferably a classic
My dad is turning 61 this coming December. Do you have any gift suggestions that he may like?
Is it dangerous to fly in a passenger jet with propellers?
I need a recipe for baked beans.
What are some simple things I can do to lower my carbon footprint? Things that don't require much sacrifice.
Can you negotiate at the flea market?
What are ideas for a going away party?
Do you like stories?
What is the meaning of life?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Locro?
How do I know if I need braces?
How are fire hoses manufactured?
What is the best phone for an elderly person?
What is a just because note I can write my husband?
How close are scientists from being able to perform eye transplants?
My nephew is really into superheros right now. What are some fun superhero movies I could watch with him?
I love espresso. I buy it almost every day. What is the origin of espresso?
How can I test my internet speed?
Can you tell me how vending machines work?
Why do cats and dogs have so many babies all at once and humans don't?
Who owns the Panama Canal?
There are so many different types of apples. What is the best tasting apple of them all?
How can I keep flys away from my house
Can back pain be a precursor to something more serious?
How can I tell if my dog is deaf?
How do I get to Allentown PA from NYC?
Hi, I just graduated from high school, and my lifelong dream is to become an astronaut. What do I need to do going forward, to make that happen?
I am trying to find out what the smallest country is in the world. What is it?
I would like to learn a little about politics. Can you help?
How do I find new pop music on Spotify?
What happens to your body when you're dehydrated?
Have many people executed on death row been later found to be innocent?
I want to learn more about cryptocurrency. What is it?
More trivia! Question One: What is the tallest animal in the world?
How can I lower my cholesterol levels?
I want to start saving for retirement. What should I do?
I'm thinking about suing a company because the product they sent me wasn't what was advertised. Where can I look up consumer laws?
How can I stop my vomiting bout after food poisoning?
Explain the first moon walk
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dan Dan Noodles?
How do I get better at time management?
Should I put a sound system in my car?
Do you have any ideas for how I can keep my house smelling clean and fresh?
What can I do in Barbados?
How do I make my own soap?
I'm getting into retro videogames and I'm wondering if you have any recommendations for classic Playstation 1 games for me to play through.
Who discovered Michael Jordan?
When was the MARS chocolate company founded?
Which type of saw is more effective at trimming the branches of a birch tree?
My laptop keeps overheating even though I'm not performing any trying tasks. What can I do to troubleshoot this problem?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pempek?
Can you help me find a list of the longest running television shows?
What are some of the ingredients in Tortilla Soup?
Hi, I'd like to get rich, quickly if possible. Can you give me some suggestions for making as much money as possible?
the Last Picture Show was a famous movie that won awards. What was it about?
What are some different types of foods that I can put in a dehydrator?
I am doing a book report on Edgar Cayce. Can you provide me with a list of his predictions that were proven to come true?
So I just moved to a place that has a lake nearby, I have never been fishing but having the lake near me now has me wanting to try fishing as a new relaxing hobby. What are some basic things I will need to get started?
What is gabapentin
Did Ronald Reagan get the Russians to tear down the Berlin wall?
Can you help me find some top things to see while in Rome Italy?
When was the company Hershey established?
Which wearable tracker is the cheapest?
I'd like to buy a high quality entry level road bike. What price ranges am I looking at?
Can you help me choose a breed of dog to get as a pet?
I need help with a task!
Why is inflation so high?
Where did the name "keg" for an amount of beer come from?
In a list using semicolons, is there a semicolon before the word 'and'?
How do I make sweet potato?
How does it feel to be anxious?
What languages are spoken in South America?
What happened to Octomom?
How do I learn to walk a tight rope?
I have to study for an English Literature exam, can you help me prepare?
find a doctor I just moved and need advice on how to get a new doctor
I'm putting together a Southern BBQ themed dinner. What should I have on the menu?
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
How can I quickly raise a low credit score?
Can you tell me about the Nation of Islam in the United States?
Can you explain the difference between light and dark liquor?
I was watching the olympics and I had a thought.. how come divers always take showers in between dives?
How do I train a dog not to jump on the table?
What are some good racing games for the Playstation 2?
What educational benefits do vets receive?
Find the world record for the longest book ever written.
I was just given a pet hamster but I don't know how to care for it. Do you have any advice?
Can you tell me how consumer privacy laws work, relating to tech companies?
Are electric toothbrushes any better than conventional toothbrushes?
how do i make nail polish last longer?
What is the most common police vehicle?
What does a barrel of oil mean when we talk about gas prices? Is oil actually kept in barrels?
I'm looking to upgrade my skincare routine. Can you tell me the different products I need to care for my facial skin?
What are countries that speak English as an official language?
Which city should I visit when traveling to Australia?
What are some good ways to eat celery?
Who owns the basic cable channel Food Network?
I am in a good relationship with a very devoted partner, but there is one small problem. He is not comfortable with us being apart for even short periods of time. If I try to have a little time to myself, he wonders why and becomes unhappy, suspicious and feels rejected. I want a night here and there just to be by myself of no specific reason -- just to have some alone time. How do I achieve this without upsetting him?
What can I see in Rome?
How do I put carpeting on stairs?
I feel like watching some show on Netflix. I'm thinking something with action. Can you give some recommendations?
is there restriction on cod fishing off the coast of Maine
Who are Māori people?
Hi, I just got a cat, and I've never owned one before. What do I need to do to care for her?
I need to be aware of survival tips when lost in the forest. Do you know of any survival tips for this particular situation?
How can I use Google docs at work?
I am trying to find some good ideas for a date night with a new girlfriend. Do you have any ideas?
I want to start saving for retirement. What should I do?
Michelangelo's David, is a stunning piece of work. I had heard that it might have been carved from a single piece of marble. Do you know much about the statue and its history?
Hi. I just learned of the term topographically agnostic. Can you tell me a little bit about what it is?
Tell me a good toddler bedtime routine.
Do I have COVID?
How do I make homemade onion rings?
I'm trying to learn how to take care of a cactus
What kind of books do you think an eleven year old girl would like?
I'm trying to find out where Joni Mitchell is from. Can you help?
Up to what age should kids use velcro shoes?
How do rocket get some much thrust from burning fuel?
Do you know that movie with Tom Hanks in it called Cast Away?
How can I keep my passwords safe?
Can you tell me some history about the use of military time?
Do you know any good jokes?
What companies does Elon Musk run?
Can you give me some tips on how to write a song? I want to write a country song about my dog.
Where is the Island of Java?
Can you help me figure out how to make a tres leches cake with strawberries in it?
I need to hire a babysitter for my kids. How can I find a good babysitter?
How can I help a new coworker?
What are traditional indonesian foods?
Should I move to San francisco?
Do you have any recommendations for moisturizers for dry cracked skin?
Grandma is going on Medicare how does it work?
I'm trying to soft boil an egg. How long should I boil it for?
What is basic training?
Is there a limit on how cold something can be?
How do I use a hot glue gun?
Do kids need to have helmets to ride bicycles nowadays?
What's the best way to get my hair highlights
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Bangers and Mash?
Will the jury find the defendants guilty in the media trial
Hi! My friend's newborn is sick with jaundice and I'm wondering how to best validate her emotions but also keep things positive
What can I use as creamer for coffee?
What are some of the most popular Chinese foods or dishes?
How do you make the text bigger in Chrome?
How do I prune a tree?
Do you have any advice on how to build my credit?
what is a good compact car with a good safety record?
Can you help me find information for identifying gems that mined?
How do I make Italian ice?
The holidays are coming up soon. What is a good christmas present for a co-worker that I don't know very well?
How does a car warranty work?
I want to know Broadway production of West Side Story. Are you familiar with it?
What artist cut off part of his ear?
Could you help provide me with some information on the video game Chrono Trigger?
What time does J.C. Penny open on Black Friday?
What is the best country in South America to visit for vacation?
How can I plant garlic?
How do I clean a coffee maker?
how is wool from sheep processed?
Can you help me with a recipe for a delicious fish pie?
I have heard that gulf wax has many uses. Would you mind listing some of them?
What is the best cell phone service provider?
what are the point of dog tags?
Are dog treats good for dogs?
I would like some gift ideas on what to get my 4-year-old niece for christmas.
When will space travel be available to the general public?
Should I put cement or gravel in my front yard?
Why is lead so dangerous in paint?
How do I properly spell "travelled"?
How do I know if it is going to rain?
Any tips on how to revise something you wrote?
What is a heart murmur?
How can I get a new bulb for an electric fireplace?
How can I prevent or relieve a bloated stomach?
My woke friends are kind of getting on my back because I am resisting adding my pronouns to things like my Twitter profile and other social media spaces. I find the whole pronoun thing a little tiresome, to be honest. Is that bad?
What are some fun things i can get my child to play with his superhero toys?
how can you remove mold from your bathroom?
What are the most popular Ford automobiles?
What are some good apps that play sounds to help you fall asleep?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Koufteh Ghelgheli?
Can you tell me some cost estimates for getting a college degree in the US?
How are people tested for an allergy?
How do you make a safe and sturdy wood pizza oven?
How do I keep my kids from crawling into my bed?
I'd love to know more about the sculpture of The Thinker, by Rodin. What do you know?
I'm planning a trip to Vienna. Can you recommend some popular landmarks and attractions to visit?
When people ask me to tell them about myself, I'm kind of stumped. What is it that I should be saying exactly?
If I'm a US citizen, how can I visit Cuba?
What country is home to the Kangaroo?
What is bocce ball
How many time zones are there?
My toilet has been running non-stop. I heard there is an easy fix for this?
How can I shrink jeans without a dryer?
Are there alot of natural herbs that can sometimes elevate mood. One is called mucuna extract. it's supposedly raises dopamine levels. Have you heard anything about it?
How do I make split pea soup?
How do I audition for a movie?
When did McDonald's open?
How do I properly dispose of cooking oil?
Is it legal in the USA to shoot people stealing from you?
How do I set up a home theater?
How does home insurance work?
I need help with finding a eggplant parmesan recipe that is vegan friendly.
save money for a vacation is there sites to help or advice
My brother has become addicted to gambling and I'm not sure how to help him. Any advice?
How do I come up with a name for a dog?
How can I make aioli?
How do I keep my hands from feeling cold?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ghormeh Sabzi?
How do I make baked chicken?
How can I make magnets for my refrigerator from colored felt and magnets?
Are there any resources I can use to learn how to calculate probability?
Can you find out if it is legal to cut down a native tree on my property?
How do I turn off the water main to my house?
Why did ancient Egyptians mummify their dead? It seems for many kings that was a pretty important process in ancient Egypt.
How do I make my own chicken stock?
Hi, I was born in 1990, so I missed the music of the 1980s. Can you help me create a playlist including the most popular and important bands, albums, and songs of that era?
Any ideas for insomnia?
How do I win at the game monopoly?
Can you explain the differences between gas and induction stoves?
Do you know of any good ways for a person to quit smoking cigarettes?
How do I do a backbend?
Is a truck driver a good career?
Hi! My dog has picked up the bad habit of barking lately and I want to teach him not to bark. How do I do that?
What should I have for dinner?
There's been a stray dog in my driveway all morning acting aggressively towards me. Who should I contact to get rid of it?
How can I make a milkshake without a blender.
Can domesticated cats breed with any type of wild cat?
Can you give me an example of a decent apology letter?
What caliber gun is attributed to most most fatalities in the USA?
What are some things I should know about fostering a pet?
What exactly is dyslexia?
I want to scale Mount Everest. What steps should I take to prepare myself?
How can I find a mobile video game that I can play with others online?
How many trees would have to be planted to capture all of the CO2 in the atmosphere?
How can I make a pacifier clip?
What are the ingredients in chocolate chip cookies?
Was there a strike today at Kaiser Permanente?
I want to put together a gift basket of luxury bath products for my sister. What should I include?
how can i get my kids to wake up faster for school?
Please tell me places to visit in New York City.
What happened to the space shuttle Challenger? Why did it blow up?
What should I buy a kid interested in art?
What are some popular philosophies on life?
What is the state bird for Maryland?
What are the best stocks to invest in?
Hi, I'm in the mood for apple pie. Can you give me a recipe for that?
What is malware?
I'm looking for a new book to read! Can you help?
Hey Assistant, do you have any recipes for making soap?
How can I avoid my leather products getting salt stains?
How do I make a ball pit?
should i get a membership to a club like sams club or costco?
Does a knee brace help with knee pain?
What did Pamela Anderson star in?
Can you give me some techniques to help deal with difficult people?
What do I do if my kitten lost its mom?
I get really bad menstrual cramps. What are some ways to relieve the pain and discomfort?
I have a lot of leaves in my yard that have fallen off of the trees. What should I do with them?
is saline solution useful for when i'm sick?
What is the best way to minimize the build up of dust?
How do you clean jewelry?
What are some fun easter activities for kids?
What should I buy my dog for Christmas
What are some singers I would like if I like Britney Spears?
Do you have any ideas for how I can keep my house smelling clean and fresh?
Can you help me write a paper about the Reconstruction Era in the United States?
Is there a fine for littering in New York?
How do I increase milk production? I'm breastfeeding.
what are some good toys for relieving stress?
What are salads that have honey as an ingredient in them?
How can I overcome my fear of needles?
Can you explain to me what a raw food diet consists of
Did Volkswagen ever fix that problem they had with cheating smog checks?
Is it appropriate to gift wrap a birthday gift that you are giving to a fellow middle-aged man or simply take it out of a bag and give it to him? Ids there some etiquette about this? A legitimate question.
How do I fix a flat tire on my car?
Can a building collapse out of nowhere?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pepes Ikan?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
Why do small dogs live longer than large dogs?
How can I prepare myself to go in for a job interview?
I have been feeling bored lately and want to do some new things. What are some ways that I can make my life more exciting?
why is there a computer chip shortage?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Rouz Jerbi?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tinolang Manok?
I have a problem with moths putting holes in the sweaters. How can I protect my wool from moths?
How can I get all the amino acids I need if I'm a vegan?
How do you get a child to do homework?
How can I make home made ice cream?
I am trying to remove clumps or knots of hair from my cat's coat. What can I do to make this process easier for both them and me?
Do you have a lucky number?
Journey is a pretty popular band, and they had a song called "Don't stop believing." It's famously ended The Sopranos series. I'd like to know more about that song.
How much vitamin C, should you take daily, as a supplement? There's a lot of different statements on that.
What does the Salvation Army do?
Are hot wheels collectible?
How do I teach my kids to eat neatly?
What is a good dessert to serve on Thanksgiving?
What is google classroom used for?
Find the top work from home jobs
Where do watermelons come from?
Why have computer parts been so expensive lately?
How do I bake bread at home?
How can you tell if an animal has rabies?
How do you season a cast iron pan?
How do I stop bleeding from a wound?
What do I do about fatty bumps underneath the skin fo my arm?
How do I get a stain out of my white shirts?
Which ingredients should I have to make vegetable soup?
What are some of the biggest caves that I can explore in the United States?
Hi, I hurt my best friend's feelings and now he won't talk to me. What can I do to try to make up with him?
We just got a dog, and we already have a cat. How should we introduce them so that they get along?
What are some nursery rhymes to teach kids?
How do you baby proof a home?
What are supplies I need for birdwatching?
Can you tell me how hone air conditioners work?
I want to know how to make Thai satay sauce. Can you help me?
Is tubing fun for kids?
I have been feeling bored lately and want to do some new things. What are some ways that I can make my life more exciting?
Please give me some beginner tips on mindfulness.
Can bats see with their eyes or are they blind?
How do you make candles?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cassata?
What is caffe latte?
Should I feel guilty if I can't breastfeed?
Was considering a light hearted Oscar winning movie to watch this weekend. Any suggestions?
When was the first camera invented?
How do you change the background image in Windows 10?
Can I keep a sea turtle?
i need a recipe for creamed corn that is easy
Why do cats meow?
Why does hair turn gray as people get older?
How many light years away is the closest star?
i'm always behind on house work. what should i do?
How can I keep myself warm at night during winter?
What are some activities you can do in Lake Michigan?
I was thinking about reading a new book. Steinbeck was such a powerful author. Can you suggest a few titles of his?.
Where did Archie Manning go to high school?
What is the best way to cook a new york steak?
Saint Patricks Day seems to have a long standing tradition. How did it get started?
Where does Jambalaya originate?
What is Rolex?
What is a great song for a marching band to play
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dholl Puri & Roti?
Is it true that you don't forget how to ride a bike? If I haven't ridden one in 10 years, will I still know how?
How did Elf on the Shelf come about
Let's pretend I'm lost in a forest, can you give me some survival tips?
How do I know if my parent has dementia?
Should you buy a case to protect your cell phone?
Is the World Trade Center in New York still the tallest building in the U.S.?
Help! I just got 30 pounds of artichokes from a dumpster. How can I eat them?
How do you potty train a puppy?
My older brother keeps telling people his favourite number is 69
How should I inspect a used car before I buy it?
what are some good toys for relieving stress?
How do I start a garden in my backyard?
It's important to consider multiple perspectives, can you describe some pros of it?
What are some traditional Thai dishes?
I'd like to expand my knowledge of poetry, are there some books you can recommend?
What State has the strictest emission laws when it comes to private vehicles?
My friend wants to join the USA military. Is there an age limit? Can you get too old?
Tell me how to cook a sunny side up egg
What is the best tasting burger from a fast food joint?
What holidays do Muslims celebrate?
How can I learn to juggle?
What's your favorite song?
How should my child to multiply numbers?
Hi, I have several small holes in the wall here, left by previous tenants. Can you explain how I can fix them?
Do blind people lose track of day and night cycles?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Muchomo?
How are golf balls made?
How can I connect more with my coworkers?
Can you tell me some history of Bill Gates?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Omek Houria?
can you find me a recipe for a brined turkey I can make for Thanks giving?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ecuadorian Ceviche?
Can you tell me which kind of wine pairs nicely with fish?
What is the best US state for the retirement?
what are some hearty soups for winter?
how should i cook pork to make sure it is good to eat?
Can you help me find a chicken tortilla soup recipe?
who invented baseball?
Tim Curry is still kicking. He was fantastic in The Rocky horror Picture Show. Do you know what his recent health ailments might be?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
Does Puerto Rico want to become a US state?
I was thinking that it might be fun to make a time capsule with my kids. How would I do that?
How do I get a splinter out of a dog's toe?
Why have Facebook changed their name to Meta?
How do I make creamy mashed potatoes?
What do I do if I got stung by a bunch of red ants?
Can you give me a guide to improving my posture?
Good afternoon, could you recommend some songs for me to listen to?
How do I become a ballerina?
How do I put liner down for gravel?
I really like expensive jewelry, but cannot afford it. What are some cheaper alternatives?
I want to make a danish pastry from scratch, is this something you can help me learn?
what are some ideas for things my child can hand out on valentine's day to classmates?
What was New York's hottest recorded temperature ever?
What is a weeping willow?
I'm trying to find a list of the most popular christmas songs
Are ladybugs good for my vegetable garden?
Can you tell me about the inside of the White House, such as the executive residence and the wings and the grounds?
How can I find driving routes without toll roads in the US?
What steps should I take if I cut my finger when cutting vegetables?
What are some easy tricks I can teach my dog?
Why are there different time zones in the world?
I'm trying to teach my son how to ride a 2 wheel bike.
I'm planning my Christmas dinner and I need ideas for the tablescape.
Where can I go to get my macbook serviced?
What ingredients do I need to make pumpkin pie from scratch?
Can you give me a recipe for making a German chocolate cake?
Why were there only 3 channels on TV back in the old days?
Hi! I want to learn more about New York City. Can you tell me some cool facts about New York City?
Every time I shave my beard I tend to get red bumps on my chin. Is there any way for me to stop this from happening?
I'm trying to cook healthy meals. Do you have any in mind?
Hi! I've recently come out as bisexual and could use some advice as a woman trying to flirt with other women.
What can I use instead of pine nuts for pesto?
How can I comfort my wife during the holidays when she gets down?
Holiday time is around the corner. What are some of the most popular Christmas albums out there?
Ugh I got my period so bad and my cramps are awful
Would a toy designer be a fun career?
What are some easy desserts my kid can take to school?
How do I know if I have allergies or I'm sick?
Is it hard to become a medical and health services manager?
Should I get vaccinated against Covid-19? I'm nervous about risks associated with the vaccine.
I want to have a holiday themed movie night. Can you recommend some popular Christmas movies?
How do you measure blood pressure at home?
What should people do if they find an injured wild animal?
How do I learn to love myself?
how do i get skunk smell out of clothes?
Can you explain to me the concept of "the speed of light". How was this calculated?
My bearded dragon isn't eating his greens. What can I do to make it more appealing?
Are asteroids a legitimate danger to humans on planet earth?
Foreigner always had the strong rock hits. Like "Hot Blooded." What are some of their other popular songs?
Is it true that there is a big island of plastic floating in the ocean?
How many time zones are there?
What is the best time of the year to plant new orchids?
Where did the tradition of diamond wedding rings come from?
What new features does the latest amazon alexa offer over the old versions?
I love listening to Jazz, especially Miles Davis. Can you recommend any similar music or artists?
How do I paint a sunset with watercolors on canvas?
Search for sweet potato casserole recipe
I want to start making my own salad dressings.
Hello, I am trying to find a website or app to learn a new language. Can you help?
What is the reason people paint the bottom part of tree trunk white?
how do i get a one year old to drink regular milk?
Search mushroom quiche recipe
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tastira?
Could you help me find some techniques to help manage my time better?
How do I use a hot glue gun?
What are the steps in order to apply for the home office tax deduction?
What are some good Broadway shows?
how do i get a baby to eat solids?
What is the best kind of dog to get for a small boy?
What is the most reliable car on the market right now?
Why do some people seem so insistent that the Apple iPhone is superior to Android?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Congolese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mossaka?
I want to learn about some of the ways to improve one's cholesterol
Please tell me about penicillin.
How do I get more flexible in ballet?
As people enter their 50s and later in age, what are important nutrients that people need to make sure, they are getting daily?
What should I buy my dog for Christmas
Can you help me learn more about continental drift and what it is?
What are good smoking cessation ideas?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
Hi, I'm thinking about getting some pet hamsters. Can you tell me what I need to do, and buy, to keep them safe and healthy?
I'm going to Norway and need to learn some of the language.
What are the duties of WHO?
Hi, how does your body know you're sick and then work to eliminate whatever is making you sick?
Should I enlist in the army national reserve?
What is the Indy 500?
How can I clear my nasal passages?
How can you tell if an animal has rabies?
I really like Italian dressing. Would you happen to have a recipe for making Italian dressing?
What are some things I can mix in muffins?
Can you give me the ingredients to make the perfect spaghetti?
Search for Harry Styles songs
What are some good movies with talking dogs?
Is a gallbladder operation hard to recover from?
What should I do with my old smartphone?
Why do Republicans want to get rid of the Department of Education?
How much water should you drink every day?
The book Dune, has been a classic for quite some time. There are at least three movie versions of that book. I'm curious which is probably the best version, or if you've heard about any of the versions?
How do you wax a car?
I have noticed that a new neighbor has renovated a home down the street. One of the first thing she did was paint her front door red. Is there any hidden meaning to this?
What are some ways I can improve my golf swing?
Do you have any advice for how I can learn to drive a manual car?
What is the best way to cook a new york steak?
What is a staph infection?
Who is Scottie Pippen?
Why are there 24 hours in a day?
Search for songs by TI
What does a psychologist do?
What are some good sports apparel brands?
Find a recipe for shepherd's pie soup
I have been having trouble sleeping lately. Do you have any advice to help me?
Can you tell me the general legal issues covered by business law?
Do squatty potties really work?
How can I help someone that is on a diet?
Can you help me say some food words in Spanish?
What is Christianity?
I've heard that sometimes it can be dangerous to swim in rives and lakes because of bacteria in the water. Can you tell me what are things I can do to protect myself if I ever swim in one of those bodies of water?
What are some ways to hide my tummy?
What are some fun Mexican Christmas traditions?
I'd like one day to swim with dolphins in the wild, do you think it's possible?
How do i know if I have add?
Hi, I have a small raptor in my back yard that I'm trying to nurse back to health. How do I care for it? For starters, how, and what, do I feed it?
Can you list some examples of children's educational tv series?
I want to go travelling. A place that is hot and has good history. Can you give me a good option?
I'm in the mood for country music, like Taylor Swift, or Blake Edwards. Any suggestions?
What are some tips on saving money?
How do I know if my brakes need replacement?
Some people eat lobsters. I don't know much about them though. How long do they live?
How do you change the background in photoshop?
What can you tell me about the California gold rush?
Please tell me the history of the the Eiffel tower.
What can I do on the beach if I don't want to swim?
How should I baste a turkey?
Why is the battery in my laptop bulging?
Hi, I'd like to become a SEAL. How do I accomplish this?
How do I make a low cholesterol fried food?
How do I use coupons to save money?
I'm trying to learn more about the video game system Gameboy Advance SP. Can you help me learn more about this?
What country has the highest divorce rate?
What is the best position to sleep in to avoid any back or neck problems? I usually sleep on my stomach.
I'd like to make food to freeze for the week. What are some meals that can be frozen for later?
I don't remember what the difference between a metaphor and a simile is.
Can you give me directions for storing uncooked beef in the freezer?
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
What are some good country music singers to check out?
Why don't people live longer than we do?
What does a voice actor do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Porcetto Arrosto?
What is FDIC?
What are some good places to visit in Florence?
What is the biggest holiday that is celebrated in the united states of america.
Find a beef stew recipe
Robin Williams was great in the movie Good Will Hunting. I'm curious if they received awards for that film?
Hi, I'm in the mood for some spaghetti Bolognese. Can you give me a recipe for that?
What is a good interest rate on a home loan
How can I run faster at the mile?
what is the worlds record for the long jump
What ingredients do I need to make pumpkin pie from scratch?
How do I keep owls away from chickens?
I'm interested in learning more about astronomy. Where should I start?
Can you help compare the different types of TV screens for best picture quality?
When was solitaire invented
I'm trying to cut back on junkfood. What are some healthy snack alternatives?
I see a lot of peoples' names in movie credits for jobs like best boy, grip, and camera operator. How many different aspects go into making a movie?
How do I prepare dried beans for cooking?
I'm planning on starting to run for exercise. What are some good warm up stretches that I can do?
How do I get my children to nap if they think they are too old for naps/
Can you tell me what the process of becoming a priest is like?
How do I claim a dependent on my 1040 tax form?
what should i avoid eating and drinking with a sore throat?
What are some fun things to do at Disneyland if I don't like rides?
How do you determine the odds of winning a roulette bet?
I have to write a report on the Civil War, can you tell me about the cause of the war?
what do i do if i stepped in dog poo?
Can you tell me information about the history of the American slave trade?
How can you get more magnesium in your diet?
What are some of the best horror movies from the 1960s?
What are safe ways I can run in the dark, late at night?
I've heard sniffing paint is bad for you. Why?
Is drinking coffee every day bad for my teeth? If so, what can I do to prevent problems?
I'm trying to find a moving company in New York City that would move to Nashville. Can you help me?
Why is the battery in my laptop bulging?
How do I make a paper airplane?
should i get a membership to a club like sams club or costco?
How can I clean caked on grease on a stove?
Can you give me some information on the English Civil War?
I suffer from varicose veins and need to improve my circulation. What are some ways I could improve my blood circulation throughout my body?
how many hours should i let my teen work?
How much money should I have in my rainy day fund?
I'm a big fan of Mexican street corn. Can you provide me with a recipe for grilled street corn?
What should I do if my child is too afraid to pull her loose baby tooth out?
How do I know which type of plastic can be recycled?
Can you teach me how to install a cpu on a motherboard?
I have to study for an English Literature exam, can you help me prepare?
How can I make hand sanitizer?
Which Weezer album is the best?
What does a CEO do?
How can I freeze onions?
What is the musical, Phantom of the Opera, about, plot wise?
Find an apple fritter recipe
Why shouldn't I eat fast food?
Is it true that if someone's dog bites a person, the dog must be put down?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Wali wa Nazi?
How do you make cowboy style beans?
What is a CD made out of?
What are some tips for gun safety that I should know?
What are some notes I can put in my kids' lunchboxes?
What NFL team is playing the best this season?
What is the significance of having jokers in a deck of standard playing cars? Are there games that you can play with them?
the Last Picture Show was a famous movie that won awards. What was it about?
People who live autonomously, get a bad rap culturally. How can we validate and reinforce autonomous dwellers in this culture?
How do I learn to play the piccolo?
How do you build a snowman?
I need to buy my sister and brother in law some gifts. They are rich and have lots of nice things. I’m not rich. What do you think I should buy?
I would like to learn more about US history. What are some important moments in US history that I can read about?
What should I do if I have terminal cancer?
I am trying to find the cheapest way to get from where I live to my parent's house for this Thanksgiving. How can I find a good deal on travel tickets at the holidays?
what is the point of daylight savings?
Can an egg really be fried on a sidewalk on a hot day?
What can I do to make my hair straighter? It's very wavy and kind of curly.
How do you keep from getting covid?
What is the Supreme Court?
How often do I need to let my dog out to go to the bathroom?
How do you get a scholarship?
Which oil is the best for frying foods?
Hi! What podcasts should I listen to?
What is a good museum to go to if I want to see sci fi stuff?
Why did the USA invade Iraq during the Bush presidency?
Can you tell me how John 3:16 is written in Spanish?
what do i do about a dry cough?
What do you think makes a good husband?
What tools do I need to change the tire on my car?
What is the best weight loss program for women?
What are some popular Mexican herbs and spices?
Get butternut squash soup recipe
Can you tell me more about the Italian dish Riso al Forno?
Any tips on how to become a better negotiator?
I'm taking a trip overseas. What are some of the things I need to do to prepare?
is five nights at freddy okay for kids?
Can you tell me the various ways I can add music to my Instagram story?
Hi, now that I'm past 50, I find myself experiencing ED more and more frequently. Can you describe some options for treating it, medical, or lifestyle changes?
Do kids like to learn ice hockey?
What is the most immersive open world RPG that is available for the ps4 right now?
I heard chinchillas make interesting pets. Is this true?
Does being a running back in the NFL decrease a person's life expectancy?
I'm having trouble creating a resume. Do you have any tips for making my resume stand out?
what are some good places to visit in St. Louis?
I like going to Starbucks at times. Right now, I wanna make one of their drinks at home. Do you know the steps of how I can make a Starbucks salted caramel mocha?
Who was Kant?
What is a good lens setup for a novice photographer?
Why do cats eat wheat grass? Is it good for them?
What is a gender reveal party?
How do I teach a child to cross the street properly?
How is an IPA beer different than an APA beer?
Are organic chickens better than conventional ones?
Are electric cars better for the environment that internal combustion engines?
I need a really good rope for hauling a big piece of furniture. Would polyester be better than nylon, and if so, why is that? What are their differences?
Who is Harley Quinn?
Find a braised short ribs recipe
How do I backup important computer files?
It has been a while since I have cleaned inside my desktop computer. How am I supposed to safely clean my computer?
I'm trying to find the best app to help me recover bank overdraft fees.
Get butternut squash soup recipe
At what age should babies be able to eat everything we can?
I'm travelling to Budapest. Can you tell me some of the highlights of the city?
when did the first apple watch come out?
Am I wrong or is the Macy's Parade just a lot of commercials?
I want to propose to my girl friend, what do I need to know about selecting a ring?
How do you count your blessing?
Are digital newspaper subscriptions worth it?
How do I meditate?
What is political asylum?
What are ways to meditate before bed?
Can I capture a toad?
how do i grow a rat tail?
How can I keep flys away from my house
I'd like to move to a new country. Can you recommend one that is peaceful, safe and beautiful?
Whats a good movie for the whole family?
I want to buy a dog for my family but I have very young kids. Are certain breeds known to be better with kids?
I want to learn how to play the guitar. Can you suggest some good tutorials to get me started?
How do you make the text bigger in Chrome?
How do you know if you have strep throat?
What are some things I can do in Monterrey, Mexico?
What do the different karats of gold mean?
In what locations of the Untied States can lemon tress grow?
Which movies are similar in tone to Flash Gordon?
How old do kids need to be before they don't need child car seats anymore?
What is the maximum amount of soda I should drink a day?
Can you tell me which careers use geometry the most?
How do I become a hair stylist?
How does a pawn shop work?
Can you help me with my cat?
Do you think you can give me some help on how to build a bird house?
I have a foot cramp.
I'm a really big fan of musicals. What are some of the most popular musical movies?
What are fun places to visit near Fisherman's Wharf?
What are the chances of there ever being a draft again in America?
What is Lewy Body dementia?
I've got a sweet tooth for candy but I'm wondering whether this is bad for me as an adult. As long as I get enough exercise and brush my teeth, what's the harm?
I would like some information on the 40th president of the united states of america.
What does getting acquitted mean?
How do I improve my batting accuracy?
Should I travel by bus or rental car?
Did Carly Simon ever share who the real identity was, of the person she sung about, in the song, "You're so Vain" - it was a big mystery.
How much does a pool filter cost for an inground pool?
What's the difference between alphabets and hieroglyphs?
My partner just broke up with me and I need advice on how to move on
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
Who was the second president?
Pretend that you're a king of a small country from the 1800s. I ask you, "hello sire, would thy want a cup of tea?"
I'm trying to lower my blood preasure.
How can I clear up teenage acne?
How can I freeze pumpkin for later?
What kind of light bulb will give me the biggest saving in energy cost?
There is a lot of talk about the different Covid vaccines out now. Which one gives you the most protection from catching covid?
Will watching Bob Ross help me to paint better?
If I have potentially been exposed to poison ivy, how should I go about removing the oils from my skin and would that help prevent a reaction?
Can you help me compare the average cost of a home in Florida versus California?
What is the best animal to get if you are allergic to long hair?
Why shouldn't I exterminate bees?
If you were human, what would you do for fun?
How can I help a new coworker?
I have a lot of extra apples and would like to make cider. Can you explain the process for me?
How can I make my eyes look whiter?
Which breed of dog should I get? I've just moved into a new apartment, and there's a couple of rooms, and we have access to a local park, but don't want to go on big walks.
Which country has the largest deposit of titanium?
I am an artist and need some inspiration for a new piece I'm working on. Can you recommend any modern abstract artists?
What are some interesting ways to eat English Muffins?
How much is too much to pay for house cleaning for a 2BR apartment in San Francisco
Can you explain how curbside pick up work?
how can i become an astronaut?
How do you keep a good credit score?
I would like the history of Thanksgiving Day. Can you explain it to me?
I need some recommendations on easy Christmas gifts for the family.
What can i put on pancakes besides maple syrup?
Can you still use Microsoft Office without paying a monthly subscription?
How do I pick out my signature perfume scent?
I am writing a story and would like some help. is that ok?
i always seem to forget i'm cooking something on the stove. what can i do?
What recommendations do you have for TV shows to watch?
Can you recommend some bands that are similar to Joy Division?
Can you advice me on how to be civil when discussing politics with others?
Hi, I'd like to register to become an organ donor. How do I do that?
find a recipe for chicken gumbo
I would like to know the history of the White House. Can you tell me about it?
How do I train for American Ninja Warrior?
What is Gorilla Glass?
What do I do about a cat in heat?
How do I keep my elbows moisturized during the winter?
What do I do if my child has a diaper rash?
My dog is overweight. What are some easy ways to help it get to a healthier weight?
What are the dangers of cycling on roads in extremely foggy conditions?
there seems to be a huge decline in pubs in England. why is that?
What are the health benefits to cold weather?
I used some Tomcat poison bait chunks for a mice infestation, but the bait is all gone and there are still mice around. Do you have any advice on handling this situation?
Who were Bonnie & Clyde?
Which items are essential to have in a living room?
How do you become a travel agent?
How do I make a cobb salad?
How do you politely decline when people keep asking favors?
HI, I'm in the mood for Irish coffee. Can you give me a recipe for making it?
Are you working yet?
My laptop is only about 6 months old, but the bottom of it gets very hot after being only for only an hour or so. Why could this be?
Does fish oil have any benefits?
Is it really possible to grow potatoes on Mars?
How do you do a search in Windows 10?
How do I get rid of a mouth ulcer?
I want to help an environment and one way I can think of is through changing the way I do laundry. What green ways can I do laundry?
How does Rakuten work?
My "friend" spilled red wine all over my new white carpet
What are some ways to be more respectful in public?
What is a better anti acid medication, tums or peptobismal?
I've been getting into retro gaming lately and I'd like some recommendations for Nintendo 64 classics.
what are some traditional practices i can observe on chinese new year?
What should I look for when selecting fresh produce?
Can you give some examples of chewy candies?
What are the key differences between Buddhism and Jainism?
How do I file a car insurance claim?
Could you help me write a poem about Thanksgiving? I want it to include the words "turkey," "cranberry sauce," and "family."
Do you have any good documentary movies I can watch?
Can you tell me how to play the game World of Warcraft?
What tools do I need for woodworking?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lapas?
How do I make Indonesian fried rice?
I love my partner very much, but he frustrates me sometimes. He often asks for my opinion about situations which are upsetting him—a conflict he's having at work or an issue with a stranger in the supermarket—and he seems to really want my advice. But if I disagree with his behavior or think the other person has a point, he blows up at me. If I'm on his side, he's fine. This isn't fair to me.
How do I know if I have asthma?
There's a big meteor shower this weekend and I want to watch it with my boyfriend. What should I bring w/ me to make it special?
Who sets the price of postage at the USPS?
How do you treat insomnia?
I am looking for a recipe for scalloped potatoes
how do i start with subsistence farming?
My niece is interested in astrology but she is only 7 years old. How can I teach her about the subject using simple terms?
How do I apply chalkboard paint to a wall?
What is the best search engine for privacy?
How do you purify water from a stream so it's drinkable?
What are side effects of Tylenol PM
How can I get a better cell phone signal?
Why do bicycle tires have so much higher air pressure than car tires do?
How do I get my child to keep on his hat?
What makes a car rust?
Hi, my bathtub is starting to develop dark stains that I think are mold. Can you give me some suggestions for cleaning it off?
Who was the sister of the Osmond brothers?
What can I dip crunchy pretzels in?
How do I build my dropshipping store? I have it set up to launch and products, and I've even made some tiktoks to advertise my content but I'm new to this and I don't have any orders yet
How do you make Easter eggs?
How do I clean a tv screen?
Can you share some information about Theodore Roosevelt with me?
How do I make a bat costume?
Where is Niagara Falls located? And how long does it take to arrive by car from NYC?
What are the most popular baby names?
Can you recommend me some shows that are similar to the comedy Friends?
How do I follow up after a job interview?
How can I better understand The Bible?
How do I help my kid with a bully on the playground? I want to help them be able to stand up for themselves
Hi, I'd like to learn how to do a broad jump. Can you explain how to perform one?
I'm looking for a good gift for my in laws. Do you have any ideas?
should i dry my hair with a hair dryer?
Hi, what's up?
How do you cut down on sodium in your diet?
How much interest does a U.S Treasury bond pay?
Is a college professor a good career?
Can you give me a recipe for cream of tomato soup?
What is hospice?
How do you find out what your car is worth?
What does suggested mean on Youtube?
I've heard that Uma Thurman has done charity work. She's a great actress. I'm curious what you might know about her work?
How do I get my toddler interested in speaking a foreign language?
Can you tell me a list of materials needed to plant a lawn?
How can a person gain healthy weight?
What are the best things I can do to protect my data? is an anti virus software enough?
Can you give me some tips on cutting my own hair?
Can anyone register to be a bone marrow donor?
What is the best way to lose weight?
Which foods go well with rice?
What are reasons I should not use a credit card?
Why do dogs have such better sense of smell than humans?
How can I soothe a crying baby?
I think I may be allergic to my dog. My nose gets plugged real bad at night. Would a good HEPA filter do any good?
Should I get a rabbit or a cat?
How are rainbows made?
Why is the legal age to gamble in the USA
what are some disney movies or shows featuring animals as the main characters?
Black Friday sales are coming up soon and I'm wondering when I should start looking for deals from online retailers. Do the deals only start on Black Friday itself? Do they start on the week of Black Friday? What can you tell me about this?
Was thinking about picking up a new book. Cheryl Strayed is a pretty popular author these days. Do you know any of her books?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Wali wa Nazi?
I have to write about a famous historical event that took place at the beginning of the Twentieth Century, can you help?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Hot Pot?
how can i teach my child to count money?
Can you tell me what company produced the video game Bloodborne?
How do i change the oil on my Nissan Rogue?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baozi?
What are some ways that I can strengthen my home wifi signal? It's hard for my laptop to connect to the wifi router!
What is revenue?
what is a good free email service?
Can you give me one or two songs that were popular by Amy Winehouse?
Whats the best program besides Turbo Tax for doing ones taxes?
How do you apply to college?
How can I use hot dogs in my dishes?
what are some games my kids can play with a bouncy ball?
Are tigers dangerous?
Can you reserve a hotel room for me in Los Angeles, CA for April 6th, 2022?
Can you tell me 3 unusual world records?
Can you tell me the characteristics seen in modern architecture?
How many branches does the US military have?
Who is Jerome Powell?
I want to read a book on my upcoming vacation. Can you recommend one? I really liked the Robert Langdon series.
How can food in a can still be good to eat after two or three years?
I remember Jane Seymour acting in the movie Somewhere In Time, which I enjoyed. Where was that filmed, and what was the story about?
I'm trying to get inspired to workout and I want to put together a workout playlist. Do you have any suggestions?
How do I roast vegetables?
How do you winterize a camper?
I love dinosaur movies like Jurassic Park, but there don't seem to be many of them outside of that franchise. Can you recommend some dinosaur centric movies?
How do I attract more hummingbirds in my yard?
Get directions from Orlando, FL to Green Bay, WI
How do I come out to my family?
how can i teach a child to drive?
is it safe to use a phone while it's on the charger?
I'm trying to learn a new language. Do you think an hour a day is enough practice?
What should I do if I lock my keys in my car?
Do you know of any good art colleges?
What is the most popular food in Holland?
What is a good museum to go to if I want to see sci fi stuff?
How can I learn to make wine at home?
How do you file for divorce?
is football too dangerous of a sport for kids?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chana Pulao?
What month do people with the sign Taurus have birthdays in?
Can you help me to figure out how to budget?
Robin Williams was great in the movie Good Will Hunting. I'm curious if they received awards for that film?
Who was Alfred Joseph Hitchcock? Why was he so famous?
how do i make baked beans?
Do you like snow or sun better?
What's the best way to get blood out of the carpet?
Where is the Holiday in Dixie festival held?
I'm new to wearing makeup, but really want to make my eyes standout.
I'm thinking about getting a Chinese Shar-Pei as a pet. Do they make good pets?
Is pumpkin puree, a very good thing to supplement in your diet nutritionally?
Can you tell me how often I should be changing my sheets?
What is the reading for having hypertension on your blood pressure?
How do I fry fish?
I'm thinking of getting a stick shift car. However, I do not know how to drive one. Can you help me learn the steps?
I made corn bread and it came out much crumblier than usual. What did I do wrong?
Can you explain camera megapixels to me? Does more megapixels mean better pictures?
What are ways to safely introduce a dog to a cat?
How do I keep animals from knocking over my trash can?
what is a good meal plan
what are some other games i might like if i like tennis?
Do you have any tips for how to prepare for driving in the snow now that winter is here?
How can I clear up teenage acne?
Could you help me figure out how to rob a bank?
What is diabetes type 2?
I'm trying to decide on where to get the ps5 for the best price
should i dry my hair with a hair dryer?
What is there to do at Point Lobos State Natural Reserve?
At what age should I allow my child to redecorate their room?
What can you tell me about how Buddhist monks live?
how can i make a ghost costume?
How do run flat tires work?
Please tell me the history of the Vatican.
I've been concerned about getting enough water every day. What do they recommend is the best volume of water to drink, to stay hydrated?
What is the difference between cheese that is orange and cheese that is white?
Can you tell me the steps of repairing a small crack in concrete?
How do I restart my Xfinity cable box?
Do you think The Jetsons would beat The Flintstones in a fight?
Can you explain the basic principals of the carbon cycle in the environment?
How can I make a living as a musician?
Do you know any good jokes?
how long does it take to go from NYC to Chicago?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gateau Piment?
What are some cheap gifts I could bring to a coworker party?
Are SUVs or minivans better for large families?
What is a Philly Cheesesteak?
Is Tracfone a good prepaid plan?
Please give me some beginner tips on mindfulness.
How do I keep my glass table looking good?
Find ham and cheese quiche recipe
When did "Black Friday" become a thing socially, in the U.S.?
How do I dye my hair?
Hi, I am trying to figure out how to use a compass. Can you help?
I'm interested in running a half marathon. How can I get myself in shape?
What are some of Mozart's best musical pieces?
How can I get my child more excited about potty training?
Find Sally Field movies
What does this code do? static func prepareForDeviceMonitoring(){ var prop = CMIOObjectPropertyAddress( mSelector: CMIOObjectPropertySelector(kCMIOHardwarePropertyAllowScreenCaptureDevices), mScope: CMIOObjectPropertyScope(kCMIOObjectPropertyScopeGlobal), mElement: CMIOObjectPropertyElement(kCMIOObjectPropertyElementMaster)) var allow: UInt32 = 1; CMIOObjectSetPropertyData(CMIOObjectID(kCMIOObjectSystemObject), &prop, 0, nil, UInt32(MemoryLayout.size(ofValue: allow)), &allow) }
How do you get an enlarged heart?
What is United States Marine Corps?
What are some healthier alternatives to bacon?
Can you give me directions for playing the game solitaire?
How do you empty the spam folder in G-Mail?
What are the pros and cons of the native reservation system in the United States?
What clothing can prevent heat loss when working outdoor during winter?
What are some popular cocktails or alcoholic drinks to have at brunch?
Which is more important, motivation or discipline?
I really like listening to podcasts and was hoping you could give some suggestions of new podcasts to listen to
I have two female dogs and they don't get along. They always seem to be fighting for territory. Do you have any advice on helping them to socialize with one another better?
Can you tell me what company developed the video game Red Dead Redemption?
I want to get better at writing. Can you tell me when I should be using a semicolon in my sentences in general?
How do you make jello shots?
Should you use dryer sheets in the dryer?
How can I learn to cross stitch?
Can you recommend a good soundtrack? I want to listen to something from a movie or show.
I'm going on a beach vacation. What are some beach activities I can do?
What does incognito mode do in Google Chrome?
Whenever I eat shrimp or lobster, my throat gets tingly. There isn't any pain, just a tingly sensation. Why is this?
I have a lawsuit against a company and want to get some documentation from them. I know I need to file a subpoena but I don't know anything about that process. Can you tell me about subpoenas?
How do I prevent my cat from messing with my fish?
What is urgent care used for?
How do I use Google Docs for a group of students to all work on a shared document?
What happens to a congressman when he gets censured by congress?
I am getting ready to get my business taxes done for the year and I would like to know what documentation I need to take to the accountant so they have what they need to get my taxed figured out.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Spinach Arancini?
How do I build a chicken coop?
Are sharks fish?
How can I paint rocks for decorations?
What are some good soap operas?
Can you give some examples of German automakers?
What dog can I get that is accustomed to snow?
I'd like to comfort a friend who has a sick pet. Any thoughts?
How can you remove small dents from my car?
I've wondered about Tony Robbins. I have some of his work. Do you think his method, actually works?
what are some good toys for relieving stress?
What company developed that popular video game Final Fantasy VII?
What age is old enough for a child to get a bb gun?
I'm visiting the tropics and I'd like to go snorkeling in coral reefs to see fish, but I've never done it before. What equipment do I need?
Can you help me pick out a good Valentine's Day card for my girlfriend?
who are some underrated superhero sidekicks?
Do probiotics help your immune system?
What is the best selling video game ever made? I assume its a Call of Duty title.
Could you help provide me with some information on the video game Chrono Trigger?
What are the best action games for Playstation 4?
We've just moved to the area and I have two children, ages 5 and 7. We don't know anybody in the neighborhood or even in the town really but I need to find a safe, reliable babysitter and I don't know where to begin.
I am writing about what are the causes of the most fatalities in the USA. Can you tell me what the leading cause of death is in the USA?
I've been hearing a lot about "meal prep." Can you tell me what that is?
How does bluetooth work, essentially? I've never really thought about it up until now.
Would an art gallery be interesting?
What is the best tasting burger from a fast food joint?
How can I learn to sing from my belly?
What is local honey?
I would like to send an email saying thank you for the interview.
I'm trying to build a new computer. Can you point me to resources that would walk me through what I need to buy and how to actually put it together?
I squashed a firefly with my hand and now my hand has a weird smell, how do I eliminate that scent?
I'd like to learn Hungarian, do you think it is a difficult language?
Can you help me find some Robert DeNiro movies?
How do I get my baby to stop standing up in her high chair?
What items should I carry when hiking?
Is the snake population in Florida becoming a problem?
How do I make sure my dog gets enough vitamins in a day?
Is it really dangerous to go over the Bermuda Triangle?
Do you have any advice for a gardening novice?
What is the best way to fold a fitted sheet for my bed?
Which company is the biggest manufacturer of bottled water?
Are there any NASA space missions going on currently?
What is the most dangerous animal in the world?
What is Moussaka?
How do they celebrate Christmas in Holland?
I want to write a story where the story is based in the South, that's the setting of the story. By south, I mean the Southern area of the US. What details should I include when writing about the setting the South? Just general details about what is commonly know about the South
I need to write a paper about a major historical event in a foreign country. I feel like writing something about China. Can you list some major events throughout history I can pick from?
Is China going to build their own space station?
Would a stunt person be a fun career?
How do you kill undesirable weeds and grass from a lawn?
My friend's birthday is next week and I'm trying to figure out the perfect present for him. What would you suggest?
Which is better: a tax credit or a tax deduction?
How do I keep my koi pond clean?
Can you give me safety tips when caught in a fire?
Can you give me some cocktail ideas that use apple cider?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chickennat?
how do i make an ice cream sundae?
I am free this weekend and need some suggestions of fun things to do with some friends?
Do you know the best colleges for art?
How do you remove the residual heat from cooked pasta once you remove it from the boiling water?
What is a social media manager?
What should you talk about at a parent-teacher conference?
How can I learn how to speed read?
Is it okay that my son wants to play with his sister's toys?
I know it's a short time frame, but what's the best way to see improvement if I want to get in shape for a month. I want to see results fast so it will encourage me to keep going from there.
what do i do about an anal fissure?
Who is Suzanne Somers?
Can you help me calculate if getting solar for my home is worth the investment?
What preparations should I make when expecting a new baby?
How did World War I begin?
What is pickleball?
Would you be able to provide a copy cat recipe for Girl scout samoas cookies?
I'm on the short side and I'm 20 years old. Is there any hope for me continuing to grow, or am I at my full size?
How should I take care of someone who is sick?
I'm trying to figure out the best way to take care of a steam burn
At what age should babies be able to eat everything we can?
I want to know more about Ernest Hemingway. Please tell me what you know about him.
Can an egg really be fried on a sidewalk on a hot day?
Who is Nat King Cole?
How can I clean the cloth seats in my car?
Is it ok to feed pigeons?
I want to set up a bagel brunch. What are are some popular toppings for bagels?
Can you read Roman Numerals?
Hi, I'd like to make Thanksgiving turkey this year. Can you give me a recipe for the turkey, stuffing, and giblet gravy?
How do you limit download speed in a web browser?
Do you like stories?
My computer power supply needs to be replaced. Is it easy to replace a power supply on my own?
What can I do on the beach if I don't want to swim?
What are some dried herbs that you might find in a pantry ?
I remember Jane Seymour acting in the movie Somewhere In Time, which I enjoyed. Where was that filmed, and what was the story about?
Are there any good ways to kill or repel house flies?
I need to learn some Italian words for different points of interest.
Is it ok to go watch Shamu?
My son wants me to make rice krispie treats for his school's bake sale. Can you tell me what is in them?
How do I buy a new car online?
Do you know how one can avoid sleep paralysis?
What are things to do in Macau?
My brother-in-law recommended using a VPN on my browser? What does this mean?
How do prisms work?
How do I find articles written about the Covid 19 vaccine?
What country is second to the US in military strength?
Brene Brown is a popular author. Do you have a general synopsis of what they tends to write about?
I'm trying to find new music to listen to
Can you tell me how to get on the ballot as a presidential candidate?
What do I do for hemorrhoids?
What is a bisque?
What are the ingredients in chocolate chip cookies?
Find Van Halen songs
What are ways to help someone sober up fast? Say they drank too much alcohol
I want to know some things that the Victorians did that we would think are unusual. Can you help/
My baby gets tangled up in his blanket at night. How do I prevent this?
Should you pay for a pet burial?
Who is Gwen Stefani?
Does Google Play Music still exist?
should I see my doctor for my foot
which is healthier to drink overall, lemonade, or orange juice?
Hey! I've tried every skincare under the sun and yet i still tend to get cystic acne in the winter. Any ideas on how to help?
Where did Archie Manning go to high school?
Why do conservatives think that the 2020 presidential election was stolen from Trump when at least 5 million more people voted for Biden?
Is the song 'Killing In The Name of" an anti-police song? I saw people at a pro-police rally singing it.
How do you start organizing a messy apartment?
Hi, my yard is infested with ground squirrels. How can I get rid of them?
What would the Ancient Egyptians use to cool themselves in the heat?
What are some easy to eat breakfasts for kids?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Vetkoek?
how can I lose 10lbs in 30 days
At what age to people start to remember Christmas for the rest of their lives?
Do you think you can help with some questions about how to save more money?
Hey! I want to start enjoying football Sunday more, but I don't really understand the rules of football, can you help me learn some?
What is a real ID?
what are some things i can make and sell with sea glass?
I'm trying to figure out how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Kentucky by car. Can you help me out?
What are the rules of the card game solitaire?
What are some things that I can add to a healthy smoothie?
Can you tell me the cooking time for pan frying a medium rare steak?
How much is a national park pass?
Can you tell me the path to becoming a professional chef?
Is it possible to control what your dream? I think its called lucid dreaming?
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
Can you tell me how to play an MMORPG video game on PC?
Do you know any Irish recipes?
Why do I cramp and feel tired during my period
What is Japanese tea?
What are basic steps to change my brakes myself?
How do I understand the terminology in a court document?
I have a lot of leaves in my yard that have fallen off of the trees. What should I do with them?
What is a guide for using Tinder successfully, for dating as a male?
What are the ingredients in stuffing?
Can you tell me instructions for setting up a tropical fish aquarium?
How do I make waffles?
What do I do if I wake up from a dream and feel disappointed I didn't get something that was in the dream?
When the chances of winning a high ticket in lottery are so bad, why do so many people think they can win?
How old was Jesus when he was crucified?
Is a financial analyst a good career?
My father passed away a few years ago, but his birthday is coming up. How can I honor his memory on his special day?
Can you teach me about about lupus and how to treat it?
How much should a family of 4 weekly spend on groceries?
How do you make tuna salad?
For digestive health, is it better to take fiber supplements, or antacid pills?
Why do people gets shots of vitamin D?
Can you provide a recipe for a classic mint julep cocktail?
How do I change the inner tube for my bike tire?
Can you tell me which company developed the first electric scooter?
What is business insurance?
What is Poshmark?
How can I organize my record collection?
What can I do to reduce my risk of Alzheimer's disease
When do solar eclipses occur?
How can I write a movie script?
Find a recipe for broccoli cheddar soup
How do you figure out what your IP address is?
I'm going to Portuguese and need to learn some words for food seasonings.
It's a bit warm today and am looking for a lemonade recipe! You have a recipe for lemonade?
Can you suggest ways to keep my mind sharp as I get older?
I would like to learn about an unusual sport. Can you suggest two?
What was Dean Martin famous for?
Could you help me learn more about the video game console called Neo Geo?
Can anyone get a student loan?
I want to teach a a child the basic rules of capitalization
Can you tell me if Starlings are native to North America?
What is a muscle car?
Can you give me some examples of mystical creatures?
Can you help me write the abstract for a grant proposal? The goals of the proposal are: I would start by applying safety research to uses of language models that are increasingly complicated over time. For a given application, the first step will be working on a research prototype. After demonstrating success, the goal will be to collaborate with product teams to assess feasibility offline before running experiments with that product. I envision applying a number of safety techniques to practical problems, including debate, fine-tuning language models with reinforcement learning from human or automated feedback, adversarial training, specialized classification language models (e.g., for inconsistency, subjectivity, illogical arguments, or evasiveness) that can be fine-tuned with supervised learning, conversational simulators, explicit models of user value to improve alignment and improved robustness techniques. I propose starting with more limited scope language tasks that should be easier to work with, while allowing for improvements to commercial products in the near term. For any of these tasks, there will be iterations on translating tasks into a form that can produce results in collaboration with safety researchers. In many of these, it would be valuable to apply specialized models to identify inconsistencies, incorrect arguments, falsehoods, subjective results, toxic language, unfair bias, or manipulation. These models can also be used to provide automated feedback, supplementing feedback based on ground truth answers. * Intent detection - this is used in mainstream conversational agents today to understand a user’s goals to direct a predefined conversation flow * Summarization - converting documents into shorter summaries would be very useful (especially if the results are more reliable than what has been possible to date). * Document relevance - allowing users to explicitly state what information they are looking for - this task is about finding semantically relevant documents * Generating descriptions,
I just finished playing God of War and am looking for a video game with similar mechanics. Any recommendations?
What can you tell me about Michael Jackson?
Can you tell me which BART lines I can take to get from downtown San Francisco to Santa Clara?
How effective is it to learn a foreign language online. I want to be able to speak French.
What is the correct way to apply makeup?
I am homeschooling a child and I am looking for ideas on how to make learning more fun. Can you help?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zlabia?
How do I understand a bible verse?
Why did he stop talking to me
How can I make a paper fan?
How many meals should I eat per day to lose weight?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Farikal?
My daughter is reading the book "Lord of the Flies." Can you tell me what the book is about and any important details about the story I should know so we can have a thoughtful discussion.
Do people who sell food on the side of the road need a food handlers license?
Can you help me find a Christmas movie?
How can I microwave bacon?
I heard the song "ring around the Rosie" was about the plague. Is this true?
What are some good ideas for trail mix?
Are dirt bikes fun to ride?
What is there to do in Atlantic City?
How are LEDs made?
Can you tell me how long it would take to drive from the state of Maryland to Missouri at average speed?
Are the Japanese and the Koreans of the same descent?
What month do stores start selling winter clothes?
what kind of snacks can i give my horse?
On average, I wonder how many people in the United States, believe in a supreme being? Or on average, how much of the general population is atheist?
Help me find a recipe for creamy tomato and onion soup
Why do people drive cars in the left lane in some parts of Europe?
Osiris seemed to be a mystical character, in Egyptian mythology. What's the basic story of Osiris?
Can you describe to me some general historic information about Mesopotamia?
I want to go to Italy for two weeks next spring. Do you have any information related to tourist attractions?
Whic countries still have a monarchy?
How do I fix a small hole in drywall?
What is macular degeneration?
What is a golddigger?
What ingredients do I need to make pumpkin pie from scratch?
What are some cool hat styles for boys?
How do you make a cloth mask?
What is the best way to deal with nosy neighbors?
Search for cranberry orange bread
How can I get my kids more interested in sports?
how do i find a cricket in my room?
I've just received a new tenancy contract for an apartment I'm planning to move into. I would like to know if there are any things in particular I should look out for before signing it?
I used to like to watch Seinfeld. What else might I like?
Do you have to go to school to be a manicurist?
I need to make a fruit salad for a friend's picnic. Can you tell me what that is?
What should I pack for a weekend getaway to the mountains?
Will Arnett is a great actor, and has a lot of voiceover work too. What are some of his biggest and most famous works?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bakso?
What online resources can I use to determine the state of the economy?
Hi, I've experienced numerous financial setbacks, and the debts are too much for me to ever pay them. How do I declare bankruptcy?
Hi! I want to adopt a new pet and I need some help deciding. I kind of want a cat but I have no experience with cats.
Is Spanish a good language to learn? Why?
I'm gonna cook salmon and want to know what are food safety tips when cooking salmon
What are some types of lean meat?
Would you pass the Turing test?
Are cotton sheets, or silk sheets, warmer to sleep under?
What dish can I take to a Christmas party?
I'm trying to find the best app to help me recover bank overdraft fees.
I want to grow a fruit indoor this year, can you give me a suggestion on an easy fruit to stary with?
Is a CPA a good career?
Have any foods, been shown to fight cancer, in scientific studies?
What are some good presents for a woman who does like like gifts?
How do you serve Brie
What is the reason to celebrate Christmas?
How do I know if I have allergies or I'm sick?
What should I consider if I'm interested in investing in coin operated machines?
From what age can children take lessons at a shooting range?
Are there tourist attractions in Tokyo?
How can I get a local business license to sell plants?
I'm trying to learn about crime in a certain neighborhood
How does Zelle work?
Who was Lazarus?
With thanksgiving coming up I was wondering how to perfectly cook a turkey for dinner.
learn about the different values in buying a new tv
I've heard a lot about RSS feeds but I have no idea what they are. Can you explain them to me?
What's the difference between autism and aspergers? Are they the same thing?
What are ways to get out of an awkward situation?
How do I get over a lost pet?
What is Christine in the book & movie by Stephen King.
I'm trying to make corn tortillas. I have never done it before. Can you help me?
How do singers become famous?
I'm trying to figure out how I can train my cat to do some tricks.
The pandemic has made me lonely. How can I make new friends?
What kind of seasoning can I put on popcorn?
What are some of Angelina Jolie's best movies?
What are different prosthetics I can get?
How come alcohol is measured in proof or ABV when all other drinks, like caffeine for example, measure with milligrams or milliliters or whatever?
How many times a year can a female cat reproduce?
What should I do if I see someone having a seizure?
Search for a deviled egg recipe
I've decided to change my career and become a truck driver. Got any tips for me man?
How do I learn to jog long distances?
Who is Bruce Blackman?
What is dry cleaning?
What are some good benchmarking programs I can run to test my video card?
What movie won the Oscar Best Picture award in 2020?
How do I get faster at reading musical notes?
What are ways to avoid acne?
Should I buy my wife a gold or a silver necklace?
I need to write a paper on "Humean" positions in metaphysics. First, what is this position?
How do I take care of a gila monster?
Who was the Original Buddha?
Can I make my own flying kite?
What things do I need to do to prepare for an endoscopy?
Hi, assistant
Hi! I want to go on vacation at a place where it snows. I'm looking to go on vacation in November. Where can I see snow in November?
What is a good healthy thing to eat for lunch?
How much do professional basketball players make a year?
How do I measure a child's foot for shoes?
How can I get more respect at work?
My coffee tastes off. How do I clean my Keurig?
Can you teach me a bit about what the paleo diet is?
I was recently invited to a Quincenera. What is it?
I love The Sopranos, and Michael Imperioli was great as Christopher. What has he been up to since The Sopranos?
My son is having difficulties paying attention in class and his grades are suffering. What should I do?
What is a good substitute for coffee
Who invented the computer?
Can you help me understand what geocaching is?
What are the pros and cons of assisted suicide?
How do you remove corrosion from battery terminal?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Moukhbaza?
What is FAFSA?
How do I choose a new vacuum?
I don't really understand the electoral college. Can you explain it to me?
How do you breakup with someone>
What is the highest credit score?
Can you tell me some home remedies for a sore throat?
How do I learn to spelunk?
What are the steps for making brewed tea?
What is Yorkshire Pudding?
Is it harder to send a women to the moon than it is a man?
How can I stop being so lazy
How can I develop a better relationship with my parents?
What games can I play that are like scrabble?
How many times a day should I be brushing my teeth?
How do canes help people walk?
Why was the guitar not used much in orchestras during the medevial period?
How can I treat wind burn?
What would the symbol be for Aries?
How do I make a pot roast?
How do I become a more engaging public speaker?
What country invented the harp?
I'm thinking about doing a skydive, do you recommend it?
I love caesar salads and want to make one at home. Can you give me a recipe?
How do I lessen my double chin?
What are some common fish for a freshwater fish tank?
What is the best way to cook a new york steak?
What is the most successful American actor of all time?
I have to write a report on the Civil War, can you tell me about the cause of the war?
How do you unsubscribe from a YouTube channel?
If I like watching the Olympics what other events might I like?
Can you give me a recipe for home made cold brew?
When is the best time to visit Costa Rica?
Making women wear clothing that covers them head to toe seems so weird, why do they do it?
I'm learning about presidents and would like to learn about some of the accomplishments during the Clinton presidency
Why won't my kids go to sleep in the evening?
Why do stars in the night's sky appear to twinkle?
Can you give me a good recipe for chocolate chip cookies?
I want to go travelling. A place that is hot and has good history. Can you give me a good option?
What is a good way to tell someone to be more rational and less emotional without sounding condescending?
how do i have a good handshake?
Find AC/DC songs
How do I dye my hair red?
What is tendonitis?
how do i protect plants in the winter?
How can I learn to be less selfish?
I was thinking about the civil war we had in the USA today and was wondering if there was a good reason for all that death and destruction?
Could you provide me some information on the origins of the Easter Bunny?
Do you have a name?
Does it snow in Florida?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
How many US citizens have died from Covid?
Do you know of any brain exercises that can help improve memory?
How is Gouda processed?
My kids want to get a rabbit for a pet. Can you give me advice on owning a pet rabbit?
Do I have COVID?
What are the best ways to make a good cup of coffee at home?
What are places to visit if I like New York?
Can you give me safety tips when caught in a fire?
Did ancient Egyptians wear pajamas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Brik?
who invented baseball?
What is a Shrew?
Is a ferret a good pet for a child?
Where do fruit flies come from? How do they just appear when there is fruit left out?
Please tell me which vehicle is often called the first muscle car?
Can you give me a list of Disney's computer-animated films?
I am trying to find a recipe. Can you help me understand how to make fudge for the Holidays?
How do I dust my house?
Mustard seems pretty common these days, in most people's refrigerators. When did people start using mustard as a condiment on foods, I'm curious about its history.
What are the Great Lakes in North America?
Is it worth it to go to Vegas if I don't like to gamble?
How do I find the fees and interest rate for a credit card?
I am going on vacation soon.
I am planning a tropical beach getaway. What sort of clothes should I pack?
Is soccer a good sport for kids?
Which video games are similar to the Halo series?
I need a crab cake recipe.
Can you explain to me what Trompe-l'œil is?
What are some good Indonesian dishes I could make?
I was thinking about looking at a few pieces of new art. Do you have any artwork from Impressionists that you recommend?
What safety tips are good to teach a kid that is going to a concert without parent supervision?
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
How should I keep my kitchen clean?
My house always causes me to sneeze. Why is this?
What are some cool Spanish names for kids?
How do I write an apology email?
What's the story with Ronald Mcdonald, and the McDonald's hamburger chain? That clown always seems suspicious to me.
Could you give me some tips for teaching my dog how to fetch?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Culurgiones?
I'm interested in getting involved in volunteering programs, can you recommend some?
Can you recommend me a show that is similar to American Horror Story?
Is a cat a good pet for a companion?
Where are some good places to learn to surf?
I am planning on travelling in the New Year, and would like some recommendations on places to visit and things to do.
What are some ways to be more respectful in public?
What is the United States Coast Guard?
Do Police Detectives have to have a college degree?
How do you help the kids write a letter to Santa?
Jerry Lewis is said to have disowned his children, and left them out of the will. Do you know much history on that?
Can you tell me about food traditions that originate from Mexico?
How come water is so loud just before it's boiling then quiets down?
What is a good solution when your dog gets too old for going on walks but still wants to go?
Is burning candles dangerous if left unattended?
Why do old men usually have very big noses compared to when they were younger?
How should I go about having a successful interview when I have social anxiety and I fail to communicate well in such situations?
How do I prepare for a natural childbirth?
How do I start a petition?
What are some imaginative play toys for toddlers?
Who is Jennifer Anniston?
What are some interesting fillings for brownies?
How can I teach my child to share with others?
What methods could I use to cope with anxiety?
Should you take magnesium?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Matoke?
how can i make my own lures?
Can you give me some recommendations for a first date?
I hear that people are saying their are shortages of food and supplies at their local stores. Why would this be happening?
Where can I go whale watching?
Is it true that diseases like heart disease and cancer can be reversed through diet?
I think I may be allergic to my dog. My nose gets plugged real bad at night. Would a good HEPA filter do any good?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tahu Gerjrot?
I have to write an article for school about space travel, but really need some help.
How do you make Potatoes au Gratin?
I'm adopting a 9 year-old dog. I'm wondering if he is too old to teach how to do tricks. Will he be able to learn?
I'm trying to find vegan kitkats
What's the most used wood, for building modern furniture? Oak seems popular.
How can I cut a watermelon?
Which state should I move to for the best weather year round?
What should I tell my kids to show them I'm proud of them?
what are fun imaginative play ideas for baby dolls?
How should I feed a goldfish?
Soon I have to consider sending my son to school, and wondered what you thought about home-schooling?
I'm learning about inherited traits versus learned characteristics in dogs. Can you tell me the difference between the two concepts?
I've been captivated by the Portrait of Madame X, a painting by John Singer Sargent. Do you know much about it?
I have some constellation questions. For starters, how many constellations are there in the western zodiac?
What does it mean when a baby animal imprints?
Hi! Do you have any good chili recipes?
find a new job and need interview techniques
I'm planning to go to San Diego. Can you tell me fun places to visit?
do you believe in the illuminati?
What are good ideas for an emoji themed birthday party?
What kind of phone case should I use to protect my phone?
What is the maximum amount of soda I should drink a day?
What are some good locations to observe a sunrise?
Is Rod Stewart coming to Vegas in the near future?
I need to learn a few words in Italian. Can you help me/
Is Elon Musk a self-made billionaire? I have heard conflicting reports about that.
Do you need a license to hunt?
What are some basic karate moves that I can learn?
I like both milk and dark chocolate, although I hear dark chocolate is better for you. Do you know much about this?
How do you calm down after a nightmare?
My blood pressure has been a bit high lately. How can I lower my blood pressure?
How is milk chocolate made?
I've heard that the plot of The Lion King was actually stolen from a Japanese movie. Is there truth to this?
Can you give me tips on how to chop firewood using an axe?
Would you be able to tell me a brief history of the Blues?
How can you make your home look nicer?
How do I fry up an egg omelet?
How do banks make money?
Hi, I'm supposed to make some sentences using the past participle for my English homework. Can you explain how to do that?
What is the friendliest dog breed
What do I do if my child has a diaper rash?
How do I keep my koi pond clean?
Did they used to make aluminum foil out of tin? Why do some people call it tin foil?
How can I teach my child to ride a bike?
I want to learn more about the Turkish War of Independence, can you help me?
How do I put together a charcuterie board?
Can you teach me how to shuffle a deck of cards?
How can I get my cat to stop begging for so much food?
How do I make a gravel garden?
What are some of the best Samuel L Jackson movies?
Are plastic bags bad for the environment?
What is the most reliable news source for financial news?
How do I know when my child is ready to brush his own teeth?
How can I talk like a newscaster?
I'm trying to learn more about the Iron Maiden album The Number of the Beast.
What does beyond a reasonable doubt mean?
Me and my girlfriend will celebrate our anniversary soon and I can't think of what I should do to celebrate it, can you help me?
How many stars are in our solar system?
Is it worth it to hire a gardener?
I want to buy a new computer keyboard to help me write a book I'm working on. Do you know of any keyboards that are particularly good for typing?
What is alfredo sauce?
Can you tell me about the Legend of Bigfoot
What tools do I need to install a new dryer in my house?
Are sharks fish?
What year was the sega genesis released in the United States?
How can I improve my skincare routine?
locate a good place to eat in Boston preferable local fare
Are zebras just funny looking horses?
I am trying to whiten my teeth a bit. Do you know of any ways that I can whiten my teeth at home?
Hi, I hear 3D printing technology has advanced to the point of making working firearms. Can you explain how to make a 3D printed gun?
What are some things to do on a cruise?
I'm trying to learn about Neptune. Do you kow anything about it?
How do you use an essential oil mist diffuser?
Man, sometimes I have to correct my typing. I think I picked up bad habits learning on my won. Do you know any way a person could go back and learn to type the right way?
How can I get blood out of cotton?
Did The Catcher In The Rye get banned in the UK?
Can you tell me if Starlings are native to North America?
Do you know the main ingredients for a crunchy dragon sushi roll?
Was the great flood told in the bible a true story?
How do I stop from being so ticklish?
What does living in a democracy mean?
how do i start with subsistence farming?
Why is the legal age to gamble in the USA
The names of coffee drinks can be confusing. What are some general names for coffee drinks, like coffee with only milk infused?
Could you help me learn how to make sugar cookies?
How do I introduce a new puppy to my older dog?
How can I make a cat purr?
How did Donald Trump make his money
What vegetables have the most iron?
Can you explain to me what causes inflation? I read that its usually because the government prints too much money.
How can I work on my confidence?
I'd like to comfort a relative who sprained their ankle. Do you have any suggestions?
Which foods should I bring for a picnic?
Can you tell me what The Wizard of Oz is about?
How do I gain muscles in the calves?
What's faith healing?
How much more education do you need to be a high school teacher as opposed to a kindergarten teacher?
I want to write a Haiku. Can you help?
Where can I find great pizza in Sacramento?
Can you tell me the regulations regarding size for catching ocean lobster in San Diego?
I have a pimple on my nose. I have an important event tonight and it is glaringly obvious. What can I do?
I'm trying to make chocolate chip cookies. However, I have never done it before.
Can you help me find a dog breed that's child friendly?
I need to learn how to order from a menu in Portugal. Can you help me?
How do you keep others from eavesdropping on your conversation?
Do you need to take your cat for a walk?
How do I say a prayer at a funeral?
The watch band of my Eco Drive Citizen is coming apart and I'm wondering if you can help me figure out how to buy a replacement.
Are lamps or overhead lighting better for your eyes?
Is Fox News a credible news source?
How do I prune a tree?
How do I fix a broken speedometer?
how do i keep my email mailbox organized?
What are some plants that grow well on the windowsill?
I need a recipe for hummus
How did the hamburger become such a popular fast food meal in the USA?
What happens if you eat under cooked turkey?
What is the most difficult programming language to learn?
Why do women get way more excited about Christmas than men?
How can I have happier dreams at night
If I have a cut that is slightly green, what should I do?
I'm trying to clean my kid's stuffed animals. Can you help?
Can you explain a bit about how Chinese characters mean different things?
How to make chocolate chip cookies
Whats is the best format for a cover letter?
What is the best color for the roof of my house?
How long should you defrost a turkey?
Could you recommend me an exercise I could do to help with a bad knee?
Can you help me with a recipe for a delicious fish pie?
What do I need to learn to be a web designer?
What year did Strawberry Shortcake dolls come out?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Porotos con Rabito?
Are blue berries able to grow in Maryland?
What is hominy
Does taking vitamins really make a difference like the commercials say they do?
What are good places to visit in Mexico CIty?
I'm trying to make a proper cup of tea. Can you help?
How do you schedule a package pickup with the US postal service?
How do you play connect four?
A bacon cheeseburger recipe
Do you think that the USA will eventually be a cashless society? I don't know many people who use cash anymore.
What is a Purple-K fire extinguisher?
How do I stop my child from being obsessed with a stuffed animal?
What is the horoscope for a Pisces today?
Can you give me a list of the most nutritious vegetable?
I need to decide where to go on vacation
How do I pack for a hiking trip?
Can you tell me what is needed to get a motorcycle drivers license?
do you think the dreams while sleeping is true somehow?
I'm trying to sanitize my phone. Can you help?
I'm going to the beach soon, can you give me some fun activities to do?
Can you provide me some information on Jimmy Carter?
Which ingredients should I have to make vegetable soup?
I need a recipe for hummus
Is it currently possible to create synthetic gold?
What should I wear to a bridal shower?
I'm trying to find the serial number of my Macbook. Can you help me find it?
Do you have any suggestions for getting better at hitting home runs?
What do I do about an oily face?
Which country had the best fighter airplanes in WW2?
Have humans always worn shoes?
how can i make a doll house for a boy?
Is it ok to go watch Shamu?
My professor called someone in class a charlatan. What does that mean?
What do security guards do?
What are some cheap gifts I could bring to a coworker party?
Why my dog likes to sleep in my room at night
How do I learn to play the piccolo?
What color shoes match a brown belt with a silver buckle?
What is a CD made out of?
Can you help me figure out how to make a tres leches cake with strawberries in it?
I was recently invited to a Quincenera. What is it?
Where can I buy food online?
can dogs eat table scraps?
How much water is used while showering?
How do I become a hair stylist?
How do I prune a lavender plant?
Do most stores close later than normal on Black Friday?
What are the best tasting onions?
I’m looking for a new K-Drama to watch
What does it mean if I have a heart murmur?
I am curious to know how museums acquire art
What are some ways I can keep my email safe from spam?
Do you know any good jokes?
What are some sides for turkey?
What are night terrors and why do people have them?
How do I iron a sharp crease on my slacks?
I want to learn about the Bill of Rights. Can you tell me about it?
Should you wear layers in the winter to stay warm?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Braised Abalone?
What is a good inexpensive Christmas present for a casual acquaintance?
How many husbands has Jennifer Aniston had?
How do you make flour tortillas?
Do oranges have a lot of nutrients?
World War II, was such a huge experience for the world. I'm trying to remember the date ranges, and the casualties lost. Are you familiar with any of those numbers?
What is it like to be in love?
How do I test my well water?
should i get a silicone face led or a handheld led device for my face and neck
How do I heal from family trauma so that I can break cycles and become my highest self
Can you explain to me how the Canadian government works?
Would you be able to help me figure out how to draw a perfect circle by giving me advice on how to do so?
Hi, what's up?
What movie should I watch tonight
What is Google News?
Does England have a history of slavery in their country?
How do I send an encrypted email?
How do I crochet a blanket?
Can you help me understand how volcanos are formed?
Who created the Mickey Mouse character?
How can I get better at resisting cravings for food?
What can i put on pancakes besides maple syrup?
What are some popular Mexican herbs and spices?
Do you have any tips for how to find cheap flights?
Can you help me figure out what vegetables go in omelettes?
Is the World Trade Center in New York still the tallest building in the U.S.?
What kind of food has vitamin A in it?
I've decided to change my career and become a truck driver. Got any tips for me man?
How do I train a puppy?
What is incognito mode in Chrome?
Is covid a hoax?
what are some hearty recipes for mashed potatoes?
Hi, I've been feeling really low lately. What are some things I could do to improve my mood?
Can you help me find out about the early life of Genghis Khan?
What is the process of getting a Covid rapid test?
Is there any hair treatment to make my hair really look thicker?
What are some safe options for staying warm during a snow storm.
I'm going away to college and doing my own laundry for the first time. Where do I begin?
How can food in a can still be good to eat after two or three years?
How can I test my internet speed?
How do I learn to run long distances, to improve my endurance?
How do I turn cow poop into fertilizer?
I want to make cranberry sauce for Thanksgiving. Can you help me find a good recipe?
Where is NATO's headquarters?
How do I operate the zoom function on digital cameras?
Can you describe what happens during a heart attack to the body?
What are some things I can make with store bought rotisserie chicken?
Should I feel guilty if I can't breastfeed?
Why do elephants live for so long?
What is worse for you e-cigarettes or regular cigarettes?
Can you give me tips as to how I should engage with something that doesnt drink?
What are some good stores to shop at if I like JC Penney?
What do you do when your pipes freeze at home?
what are some good thanksgiving desserts?
Why do people believe in numerology?
How do I treat a sprained ankle?
How an I patch up a hole in a shirt?
Do you have any tips for living with someone that has parkinsons.
Is there an Irish language that is still used today?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
Do you know of ways one can help a dog with separation anxiety?
Can you recommend some bands that are similar to Joy Division?
What should I do to help with neuropathic pain in my hands?
What are some fun things to do on a hike?
I need to get a suit tailored more to fit me better, but I've never done it before and have no idea what my first steps are. Can you help?
Are Siamese cats smarter than other breeds?
I want to breed my dog and sell the puppies.
I'm visiting Poland soon. Can you help me learn a few common Polish phrases?
Who is Dick Clark?
What are some flavors for pizza crust?
I need to get vaccinated for the flu this year but I'm not sure where to do that. Can you tell me the closest place that I can get the vaccination?
Are mermaids real?
Why do I always have bad dreams?
Should I put a sound system in my car?
What are good cheeses for red wine?
I have heard that you can put pancake batter in egg omelets. Is this true?
can you help me make pumpkin roll cake pops?
What is the best website for booking the international flight?
Are there any key similarities between the bible and teh qu'ran?
What are some fun end of school year classroom activities?
Find Whitney Houston songs
Write a poem to my friend was is sad because she lost her dog.
What do you think the chances are of nukes being used in the future?
What do I do if I have a tire blowout on the highway?
What are some good workouts for improving cardio?
I am trying to figure out what the word "Nocturnal" means. Can you help?
How do I be more motivated at my job?
What are the most important tools to have in a bug-out bag?
How many Terminator movies are there?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Parrilla?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make horchata ice cream
Is it safe to burn paper in a fireplace?
What should I wear to a graduation?
What is the best way to skin a trout?
I'm being detained for a crime I didn't commit. Should I talk to police about what happened so I can help clear my name, or wait for my lawyer?
I've seen some people with rear view mirrors on their bikes or cycling helmets. Is this necessary? What's its purpose?
I want to watch an action movie with a female lead and no sex scenes. What would you recommend?
I'd like to invest in solar panels, but I live in a pretty cloudy part of the world (the Pacific Northwest). What are your thoughts?
Is it okay to bury a dead cat in your yard?
How do you get rid of water bugs in your home?
I need some advice and tips for buying a house
What is Hot Topic?
Can you tell me how the IGETC works to shape Climate Change policy?
What is the best way to reduce my trash or waste?
how can i make a makeshift basketball hoop for my room?
What are some foreign alcohols I can try?
What are things to do in Macau?
What country produces the most coffee?
What is it like to be in love?
What does Seven Wonders of the world represent?
How can I change my address with my checking account?
What are some national parks that would make a great family road trip in the west coast?
When did world war 1 start?
What are some good sandwiches to eat at home if I'm hungry?
How they type in Japanese if there are so many symbols in their language?
I was wondering if you could tell me how to make edible water bubbles. I heard about them from a friend.
Who is making the better cpu these days? AMD or Intel?
What are some ways that I can get rid of a cold sore?
What are some ways that I can inspire other people?
How do I stop saying "uh" when I talk?
What does the number "0451" mean in gaming?
I have a Alexa Firestick and it seems to be slow at streaming. Should I get another one
What is the best material for pillows to be made out of.
Why do people need to be good at math to do computer programming?
I've just received a new tenancy contract for an apartment I'm planning to move into. I would like to know if there are any things in particular I should look out for before signing it?
how can i relax in nature?
I was thinking about looking at a few pieces of new art. Do you have any artwork from Impressionists that you recommend?
Should I choose Invisalign or braces?
Find a recipe for broccoli cheddar soup
how many oceans are in the world
under which situations should i take antibiotics?
What are the fastest computers used for these days?
I want to dance at a wedding can I learn?
Why does cheese melt?
What's the number one name for a dog
how do i answer the question when my child asks where babies come from?
How do I get vines off my house?
How much is Intel worth now?
How do I sign up for a facebook account?
Can you help me learn more about Jimi Hendrix?
What is DuckDuckGo?
Any advice on how I can quit my smoking addiction?
I'd like to learn Hungarian, do you think it is a difficult language?
How does Google Photos work?
What can I use instead of pine nuts for pesto?
What is a normal blood pressure reading?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Peking Duck?
What are some traditional Icelandic food dishes?
Do dreadlocks have a meaning?
How do I have a Cinco De Mayo party?
Can you tell me instructions for exchanging US dollars to Chinese currency?
Hi, I'm trying to wrap my head around the genre of New Wave music, but I'm having a hard time. Can you suggest some important songs, bands, and albums I can put on a playlist to familiarize myself with the genre?
What are some interesting ways to serve hard boiled eggs?
Why did the Roman Empire fall?
What is Google Analytics used for?
What is the best way to get rid of cockroaches in the house?
Which items should I bring with me to the beach?
How can I store stuffed animals?
what is an easy recipe for green bean casserole?
can i live for long with an enlarged heart?
How do I make guacamole?
How do I get rid of wine stains on the carpet?
How do I stop my cat from getting hairballs?
What's a good way to get grease off a wall without damaging it?
How can I stop my addiction to slot machines?
What are the benefits of debate club?
How can I get my clothes to come out of the wash smelling and looking super clean?
What is the best way to minimize the build up of dust?
Osiris seemed to be a mystical character, in Egyptian mythology. What's the basic story of Osiris?
I want to know what nutrients are in carrots. Can you help me?
I need a recipe for pancakes.
What is Xoom?
Search for Kevin James movies
Do you have any suggestions for how I can keep my bread fresh and not stale
How can I fix my broken tv screen
How do I make Chex Mix?
I'm trying to find a recipe for vegan swiss rolls
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
I would like to learn more about Theodore Roosevelt.
How old should a boy be when he gets his first knife?
How do you negotiate your salary?
What are 2nd amendment rights
How can I get more YouTube subscribers?
I really have appreciated the work of James Gandolfini. What are some of his works, outside of the main series he was famous for?
How do I make mashed potatoes with skins?
What are some good indoor plants for Christmas?
Who was Ted Bundy?
How can I make a pecan pie?
What is the best thing to do to help with the flu?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sinangag?
Why do people get longer prison sentences for drug crimes than they do for murder?
What weapons did the romans use
How do I fix a small hole in drywall?
What are some ideas for a Christmas party?
What is the process for refinancing a home?
I want to know tourist destination and entertainment centers in Los Angeles.
Where can I take my kids within the United States to see nice natural waterfalls?
Who is Nancy Pelosi?
What is better, Google, Yahoo, or Bing?
What is local honey?
What Year was Duke Nukem 3D released?
How do I make french toast?
How often should you change your car battery?
How do I make Oriental Fried Rice?
I'm having a hard time scheduling in time to finish my studies for college and need help with time management. Do you have any suggestions?
What are some toys I can get my kids to help them exercise?
Can you tell me the process of installing a septic tank on my property?
What is the best search engine for privacy?
How long should it take to potty train a child?
I have to study for an English Literature exam, can you help me prepare?
Is a pet groomer a rewarding career?
My new M1 macbook only has a charge capacity of 4382. Is this normal?
When did Alaska become a state?
how do i properly vacuum a carpet?
I love caesar salads and want to make one at home. Can you give me a recipe?
What is the best way to decorate a coffee mug?
My boyfriend loves scary movies, but I don't. How can I watch horror movies with him without getting too scared to sleep?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kare-Kare?
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
how do i learn to fly a kite?
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
I have heard that incense can be used to help you from getting sick?
What are Agatha Christie's best books?
I'm learning about math and want to understand what the commutative laws say
Give me some examples of major phone service providers in the US.
Hello, I am trying to find out where the singer Taylor Swift grew up
What should I do when Aloe Vera plants grow baby plants?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
I would like some advice for how to care for an autistic child. Can you help?
What are signs that wiper blades on a car have gone bad?
I want to be more environmentally friendly. What tips do you have?
I'm looking for some music to add to my playlist. Can you suggest anything? I like rock, pop and country.
Can you describe how the traffic laws work for road cyclists in the US?
Can you help me explain to my daughter about the Moon and its cycles?
I started working night shift so I have to sleep during the day. But it's noisy and bright out. What can I use to get better sleep?
What time of the year would it be best to grow pumpkins in my garden?
find what the laws are concerning opening up a daycare
What is caffe latte?
Are GANTT charts useful?
I have a bad habit of snacking sometimes before bed. What are some good tools for avoiding snacking?
What tools can reveal old stains on carpet?
What are some good tropical flavored popsicles I can make at home?
How can I learn to play the flute?
How do I know if I have a septic leak?
Who is Dr. Anthony Fauci?
How can I make a good sandcastle?
I'm looking for new music, based on what I already like. Can you help me?
I need to make about 2 dozen peanut butter cookies, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
Should I pick a doctor or a nurse practitioner?
How do I get better at bargaining?
How do you write data to a recordable DVD?
How do I treat a hamster bite?
Find a Kale Salad with Pecans recipe
How do pandemics usually start? Are most of them caused by animals?
Hi, we're multiplying fractions in math now, and I'm having some trouble. Can you explain how to do this?
Can you tell me how a typical track and field baton race is conducted?
How do I keep from misplacing my keys?
I'm working on a legal case, and I was wondering if you could explain the differences between voluntary manslaughter versus involuntary manslaughter, and first degree murder versus second degree murder.
What's a 3 ring circus?
Can you tell me about the show "The Good Place". I need a bullet point list with information about it
What music software can I use to make beats?
What’s a good idea for a first date?
Lately I'
My daughter wants to be a princess for Halloween. What sort of things should I include in her costume?
I’m trying to find a way to sleep better
How do you do well in a job interview?
How do I volunteer to be a poll worker for the election?
Can you help me make a good playlist for working out?
What type of an assistant are you?
I was thinking of losing some weight and I wanted to know how long does it take to lose 50 pounds?
Which TV shows are similar to The Shield?
Does it cost more money when you turn your heat on and off? My grandma used to tell me that, but I don't understand why.
Which bands are similar to Eluveitie?
How do I make homemade baked beans?
I’m looking for a new crockpot recipe.
I want to start playing some JRPGs. What are the most popular ones?
How do you write data to a recordable DVD?
Alcohol is such a strange beverage, I wonder who the first people were that learned to make beer on purpose?
Do all cacti produce edible fruit for humans?
How do you preorder something?
Who wrote the Magna Carta?
What should you pack in a diaper bag when you go to an amusement park?
what are fun imaginative play ideas for baby dolls?
is my neighbor moving
Can you explain what a supply chain is?
Find Nicole Eggert movies
What are some good life tips to teach a student in college?
What are some ways to increase my metabolism?
are there any natural things i can use for a rash?
Can you print you own labels to mail packages?
I just adopted a new kitten but I'm worried about introducing her to my existing cat. Do you have any advice?
Where should you go for tax help?
I enjoyed the book Blood Meridian. Can you recommend another book that I might enjoy?
What is the requirement to join the US Navy?
Can you tell me what the best time of the year is to grow garlic in Maryland?
How do you report cash income to the IRS?
How can I remove wood stain?
Can you give me a few joke examples that would be appropriate at work?
Tell me about the original cast of Saturday Night Live
What’s a good idea for a first date?
How do I become an Uber driver?
My toilet tank won't stop running. Can you tell me how I can fix that?
What is Yule?
I am trying to organize a yard sale for the neighborhood. What things do I need to do to ensure a successful sale for everyone?
what do i do if i smell smoke?
What is the largest organ of the human body?
I had a fight with a friend and now they wont talk to me at all, any advice you can give me?
How do I find the the next AstroWorld concert?
What is the best way to skin a trout?
How do I get someone to open up and be vulnerable?
Is information technology a good career?
Can you describe to me some general historic information about Mesopotamia?
How do I change windshield wipers?
Tell me about the Mongolian empire.
Hi! What podcasts should I listen to?
How do I go to sleep when I am having an active mind?
how do I make a good lasagna
I want to learn more about Edgar Allan Poe, can you help me?
How do I iron clothes?
What should I consider if I'm thinking of getting dreadlocks?
What's a jellyfish?
Can you tell me about 18th century Japanese history?
Is this year supposed to have an El Nino weather pattern?
I need to learn how to replace a headlight in my car.
What year did the first cold war start?
How does a fireplace remove smoke but keep the heat in the house?
I've heard that some people can get great little shops running, on the Etsy website, for their personal crafts. Could a person make a living doing such a thing? Do you have examples?
How do I paint a sunset with watercolors on canvas?
What are some fun things to do in Las Vegas?
How long do great white sharks live for?
How do I find a good church?
When was the piano invented?
My daughter is doing a fundraiser for school and there is a prize for selling the most cookie dough (which is what the fundraiser is selling). My daughter really wants to win that prize. What can she do to make sure she sells the most cookie dough.
How do I clean my wallpaper?
How can I make fried trout at home?
how can i practice speech therapy at home?
Every time I want to use gravy, I find myself putting it on mashed potatoes. Are there any other recipes one can use gravy for?
How can I ask my crush out?
Do you know any popular internet radio stations that play American oldies music?
what are some places to visit in Kuala Lumpur?
What are crafts I can make with popsicle sticks
Hi, the drain in my kitchen sink is pretty clogged up. How can I unclog it?
What are some of the best hair metal bands?
My daughter has to take her driving test soon. What are some basic tips I can give her to help her become a good driver?
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
What makes someone a good son?
Is it better to pay with a debit card or credit card for online purchases?
How can I prevent armpit chafing?
Is there a safe way to wash printed cups in the dishwasher?
is it safe to use a phone while it's on the charger?
How do I learn to read maps?
How do I teach a child to dress themselves?
Hi! I'm trying to cook jackfruit for the first time to fit my new vegan diet. Do you have any recipes or advice on how to best cook jackfruit?
On average, how many children per capita, do most people have in the United states?
Who is the CEO of Google?
Would you be able to give me some suggestions for how to stop kitchen cabinets from being loud when they are slammed?
What are some ways that I can deal with nerves "in the moment"? I find myself getting so nervous that it clouds my judgement.
I have to make something for a church baked sale. What are some popular baked goods that are easy to sell at a bake sale?
How do I know if I have diastasis recti?
What places should I visit in NYC?
Can you tell me about the United States history?
What are some good safety tips for rollerblading
What is the typical checkout time for lodging such as hotels and motels?
I'm collecting information about important lunar events of the last five years. Can you name any eclipses that occurred between 2015 and 2020?
Please tell me about Hindu religion.
How do you make homemade hand warmers?
I want to learn more about the original power rangers.
What place in the USA has all of the seasons?
Who is Kamala Harris?
I am trying to find out what the smallest country is in the world. What is it?
I get really bad menstrual cramps. What are some ways to relieve the pain and discomfort?
Hi! I'm looking for a new job and need interview tips.
What is a car boot sale?
I need help coming up with a topic for a history class project
what are some fun things to do with a small bouncy ball?
How can I grow a beard?
What should people do if they find an injured wild animal?
How can I make a tofu salad?
Find a Kale Salad with Pecans recipe
what can i cook with nopal?
Can you explain to me how gravity works?
What are some places I can visit in Fresno?
I love drinking coffee, although it's not always the healthiest thing. I'm curious where the majority of coffee is produced, internationally?
Can you recommend some of Richard Matheson's best books?
How do I become a newscaster?
I want to have a holiday themed movie night. Can you recommend some popular Christmas movies?
What are the pros and cons of water birth?
Can you find out if it is legal to cut down a native tree on my property?
What is freeze dried coffee?
Why shouldn't I exterminate bees?
How do I learn how to ski?
I'd like to play a new video game. I'm thinking something in the strategy genre. Do you have any suggestions?
I have to write an essay about philosophy where I have to pick one particular school of thought. Could you help by recommending one?
How do I make a haunted house in my garage?
What is the brand of the most popular chocolate in the United States?
How do I change windshield wipers?
I am buying my first house but don't know anything about mortgages. Can you tell me the basics?
What would I need to move from the USA to Sweden
Do giraffes eat meat?
I need to start following a plant based diet. What are some foods that I can eat?
Of things that get stolen and the police are called, how likely is it you will get the stolen item returned to you?
Can you give me a simple explanation of quantum entanglement?
how do i know if a child is ready to take care of a cat?
Search for best The Cars songs
What is an LLC?
Hi, my friend says I should get acquainted with the work of Steely Dan. Can you help me create a playlist of their best and most popular songs, and albums, so that I can familiarize myself with their body of work?
I want to take up baking as a hobby, where should I start?
What vaccines are typically recommended or required for traveling to East African countries?
What is the proper way to use a drill?
What are some dance moves I should learn for attending a wedding?
I'm trying to learn about the salam witch trials
Can you help me find a good romance novel to read?
Should I install a bidet?
How do I get my kids to go to sleep at the same time?
How can I better understand The Bible?
What are some sweet things to mix with cream of wheat?
Which animal is smarter? Cats or Dogs?
What are the differences between houses made of wood and houses made of brick?
How do you uninstall a driver in Win 10?
What should I take if I have a hangover?
I want to make a dessert that originates from Afghanistan. It's called Sheer Pira
How do I become a reporter?
I'd like to play a new video game. I'm thinking something in the strategy genre. Do you have any suggestions?
What were the two biggest empires in the history?
What is the best type of bird to keep as a pet?
What is the difference between a first cousin and a second cousin?
How many parts, including screws and bolts, does the average car have?
Can you tell me the steps on sanitizing a kitchen countertop?
Is Ringo Starr still recording?
What is masa used for
What does the Goodwill do?
Why are gas prices so high after the last presidential election?
What kinds of foods should I give my dad who has heart problems?
Is there some good racing games for the game boy advance?
Can you help me find some of histories most influential people so that I can research them more?
Thor is a popular myth. I've been enjoying a recent European series, Ragnarok. Do you know much about the myth of Thor?
I am planning on making a pecan pie this Thanksgiving but I have never made one before. Do you have any recipes or tips on how to make a great pecan pie?
I'm going to be watching a basketball game with some friends but I don't understand how it's played at all. Can you please explain the rules to me?
Who is the current CEO of Activision Blizzard?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sauerbraten?
I just got a fitness tracker and it has a goal of 10,000 steps a day, is that what I should try for?
My toilet has been running non-stop. I heard there is an easy fix for this?
How did the USA end up winning the space race against the USSR?
do you need a passport to drive to alaska?
Can you recommend some artists that are similar to Siouxsie and the Banshees?
Hi, I have to add negative numbers for my math homework. Can you explain how to do that?
How can I teach my child to ride a bike?
Which game company developed the popular computer game Diablo II?
What was Steve Miller Band's first single?
I’m looking for a new Indie film to watch. Can you recommend any?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of money orders?
Is a MBA worth the money?
How do I make amends with someone?
How do I clean off a glass stove top?
How does car financing work?
Can you help me gather information for a research paper about World War 2?
Can there be any wild horse found in the United States?
What is United States Marine Corps?
Why do people drive cars in the left lane in some parts of Europe?
Hi! I'm trying to plan a family holiday party, but I've never hosted before so I'm not quite sure what's necessary
What are some everyday adult skills I should have or develop in my 20s?
How do I make a Mediterranean sandwich?
What does a defense lawyer do?
How can I clean a saxophone mouthpiece?
How long have people been using dogs as pets?
Hi, I've been told my blood sugar is a bit high. Can you give me some suggestions about how to control that?
What are some romantic getaways in the US?
What are the benefits of red wine?
How much does a Husky usually weigh?
Can you explain to me how the internet works?
What are some sweet treats I can make with my grilled cheese maker?
The Sopranos was such a huge success. I wonder how accurate some of that show, was, regarding the mob, and organized crime?
How do I get my child to stop drinking milk in the middle of the night?
Can a person who smokes their whole life still live to be in the 80s?
I'm trying to find a good salsa recipe!
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
What can I do at home to treat my laryngitis?
Is it still customary to send flowers to a funeral?
What are some good places to visit in Bandung, Indonesia?
What are some good April Fools jokes?
What is Durian?
Is tennis easy to learn?
When did the concept of virginity become culturally significant?
I'm going to Iceland. Can you help me learn a few common phrases?
What is the best age to start teaching a child how to swim in water?
Can you provide me with a list of ingredients for banana pancakes?
Is there much point to cleaning a fridge?
Is boxing bad for health?
At what age will children stop wetting the bed?
How can I get a medical alert necklace for grandma?
I have always been curious about how the internet works. Can you tell me how?
How do I organize my garage?
I'd like one day to swim with dolphins in the wild, do you think it's possible?
Holiday time is around the corner. What are some of the most popular Christmas albums out there?
I am a big fan of Black Sabbath and would like to hear more bands like them. Can you recommend similar bands?
Can you explain the theory of relativity?
Please tell me about the African continent.
do you believe in the illuminati?
"Gone with the Wind," was such a significant movie. Do you know much about it?
Can you train a dog to only go the bathroom in one part of the yard?
How do I help my friend with her family problems?
I'd like to find some way to either buy waterproof shoelaces or waterproof shoelaces myself. Do you have any advice?
How do keep clothes from getting wrinkled after you pull them out of the dryer?
Is there such thing as bar etiquette, and if so, can you guide me on how one should behave at a bar?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kofta?
find a good action book to read along the lines of clive cussler
What are some ideas to prepare lambchop.
Have there been any major breakthroughs recently regarding drone technology?
Is there a tax on imports coming into the U.S.?
How do I be less of a wallflower at parties?
How do I build a brick oven for pizzas?
Is it okay to be single
How to you get an Uber?
I need the list of Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
What's the best way to get my hair highlights
How do you save a picture to hard drive in Google Chrome?
What is a good gift for a first communion?
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
What is it like to feel nostalgic?
What are some good PBS preschool programs?
What do you do at a Bingo game?
I'd like to learn some basic words in Spanish. Can you help?
What are mandarin oranges
What was Yugoslavia and what happened to it?
what are some finger play chants like five little monkeys?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Khobz Mbassas?
How do I block ads in my web browser?
What are spreadsheets used for?
Hi, my English teacher recommends I familiarize myself with the work of Kurt Vonnegut. Can you give me an overview of his career, and recommend some of his best stuff so that I can get a decent view of his body of work?
How do I clean my gutters
What is a root canal?
I frequently use my phone on cold winter mornings and I'm wondering if it's safe to use an iPhone when it's in 20 degree ambient temperature.
What is the best medicine for a headache?
How do you politely decline when people keep asking favors?
How can I prune a weeping willow tree?
What to write in a card to cheer someone up?
Do doctors get PTSD from treating patients?
I'm feeling a little funny right now. Can you help me figure out what's going on?
What is Grand Canyon? Why is it so well known?
How much money should I have in my rainy day fund?
Why did my dog get sick from eating turkey
How do I care for a rat?
How do I get a magazine article published?
How do yo dig a trench?
I want to learn how to play golf recreationally, how do I get started?
what are cool ideas for crafting with marshmallows?
What are the best websites to find job listings?
What are some side dishes for spaghetti?
I haven't been feeling well lately. What's the fastest way to treat a cold?
Is it ethical to go to watch an orca show?
Here are a list of tasks one might do in a text editor. I am trying to create more. Can you add examples to this list? Delete line N Copy line N and append to end Insert random character to (N,M) Duplicate all text Duplicate line N Reverse line N Replace line N with the following text <random from source> Swap first and last word Duplicate line containing <string> Delete line containing <string> Swap the word <X> with the word <Y> Make word <X> all caps Upper <> Lower case Remove all punctuation Add [random char] to the end of the first word Reverse word M in line N {Delete, Duplicate} the Nth word in the Mth sentence
I'm planning on an overseas vacation I'll be taking next year. I don't want to go somewhere super cliche like France or the UK or anything. Are there any smaller countries you think might be worth considering?
what supplies should I prepare for a potential tornado?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
Is 'tense' part of English grammer?
How can I restore the dead grass in my backyard?
What are some types of ways I can cook tofu?
Where is Asus based out of?
I'm trying to decide whether to get eyeglasses or contacts. What are the pros and cons of each?
Can you explain the details of the concepts of training a dolphin like the ones at Sea World?
How much fish should I eat a week?
I'm curious about different phones. Some are iPhones and some are Samsung Galaxy phones. Thus, different operating systems. Can you tell me the differences between Android and iOS?
How do I make a gingerbread house for Christmas?
What are some non partisan news sites?
Why do people think confederate flags are patriotic? Is that a symbol of American sedition during the civil war?
Is a parrot a good pet for a child?
I want to learn more about the Spanish Civil War.
Does Puerto Rico want to become a US state?
How can I properly cook a ham?
Why do soldiers wear camouflage?
What are some basic karate moves that I can learn?
Can you recommend me a band that sounds similar to In Flames?
How do I make tomato flavored rice?
How to shampoo carpet
I want to scale Mount Everest. What steps should I take to prepare myself?
what are some good foods for a kids' party?
Could you recommend me a show that is very similar to the show Dexter on showtime?
I'm thinking about suing a company because the product they sent me wasn't what was advertised. Where can I look up consumer laws?
How do I make a black bean burger?
Can you recommend me a band that sounds similar to In Flames?
Find some Chris Farley movies
Can you help me find the basics of bird watchin?
What are the benefits of stretching?
What is a good non sweet cereal?
On average, I wonder how many people in the United States, believe in a supreme being? Or on average, how much of the general population is atheist?
I make art and want to sell it online. Do you have any tips?
How do I become a model?
What is a fuel efficient compact car?
How do I become a school bus driver?
I need help quitting smoking
What careers pay really well but are hard work?
How do you use a measuring cup correctly with dry ingredients like flour?
I need help on how to plan for a road trip
How can I microwave bacon?
can you help me make pumpkin roll cake pops?
What's a good way to make easy cake frosting?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn a phrase in different languages.
What year was World of Warcraft released?
What are some dark roasts that are good?
I want to make homemade potato chips, can you walk me through the process?
I want to quit smoking. What are some methods I can use?
Leo Tolstoy was quite a writer. How long were most of his works, page wise, roughly?
I want to make a non alcoholic mexican mule drink. So mexican mule mocktail. How can I do that?
Who were The Traveling Wilbury's?
how can i get my kids to appreciate music?
Did they used to make aluminum foil out of tin? Why do some people call it tin foil?
I want to know more about Learning about UNESCO World Heritage Sites. How did it get started?
Do you know the rules of Booray?
Who invented the smartphone?
can you explain why the drinking age in USA is 21 but you can join the army at 18?
What was the most popular game for the Super Nintendo console?
Which foods should I eat to gain weight?
What are some cute ideas for lunchbox notes for my kids?
How do you jump start a car?
What is the difference between incandescent and LED light bulbs?
Can you tell me the steps in creating an AirBNB account?
Can you tell me what year the PlayStation 3 launched in the United States?
What is the number one candy bar in the US?
Do twins have a special connection?
What can I use as creamer for coffee?
Hey ! How many dates should I be taking my girlfriend on in a month and where should I take her?
Are there advantages to soft toe boots over steel toed boots?
Is Santa Claus real?
I want to grow a potted tomato plant but I don't know how. Where do I start?
What are the long term benefits of meditation?
Can you recommend a movie to me?
I'm looking for band recommendations that are similar to Saitama Saisyu Heiki.
Is birth control safe?
Can a lost military medal be replaced?
I want to make a chocolate cake. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a new self-help book to read! Any recommendations?
What are the best charities that help homeless people?
Can you tell me how to register my business with a business license?
My cat won't stop meowing. Help
Marilyn Monroe had a few marriages. Who was her most famous husband, or two?
How do I make a mouse costume for halloween?
How do I get better at memorizing biology terms?
Is coffee healthy? I'm seeing studies that say yes and others that say no.
Can you tell me instructions for playing the board game monopoly?
What are some fast asian crock pot ideas
What kind of food do I give my pet lizard
How do I become a good storyteller?
Every time I shave my beard I tend to get red bumps on my chin. Is there any way for me to stop this from happening?
I am trying to find out about the origin of Leap Day. Can you help me?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
Can you tell me what company developed the video game Red Dead Redemption?
Which ingredients should I have to make vegetable soup?
Find a braised short ribs recipe
How can I thaw frozen meat in a safe manner?
Which one is the largest American state by area?
When is a good time to have children as a couple?
What is the most common police vehicle?
I'm going to Norway and need to learn a few points of interest in the language.
I love eating oatmeal for breakfast. I wonder if doctors say, how much oatmeal daily, would be too much to consume?
I love peanuts but I've heard they aren't the healthiest. What nuts are healthier and better for snacking?
How do I get good deals online for electronics
Please write the lyrics for a song called “DVDs in space”. The melody is “Yesterday” by the beatles.
Is it a good idea to rent, or is it a better idea to get a mortgage?
What is a guide for using Tinder successfully, for dating as a male?
What suggestions do you have for improving one's credit score?
What company developed the game The Last of Us?
How do I fix a small leak in the roof?
I've appreciated the perspective of director Werner Herzog. He has some amazing movies.
Why are pregnant women advised to reduce their caffeine intake?
What activities can I do at a park?
How does someone become a private investigator?
what are some low fat meats?
What animals hunt snakes in the wild?
How long has the Young & the Restless been on?
Glen Campbell used to be a famous singer. What are a few of his big songs?
My husband works very hard at his job and is often stressed and tired. How can I show him I appreciate how hard he works?
My friends never seem to want to talk or hang out with me. Why do you think this is?
Are reward charts good for kids?
How do I make waffles?
I have recently moved to a new city and I don't know any people. How can I meet new people and make some friends?
How can I store knee high boots?
Could you recommend me a show that is very similar to the show Dexter on showtime?
what are good ways to freshen the house?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nsenene?
Can you help me say "I don't eat meat" in a few different languages?
Can you tell me the name of the most popular video game of all time?
I need to make a batch of 8 waffles, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
what is the most reliable luxury car?
How do you work?
What are some ways to cherish photos of my children?
Are alkaline or lithium batteries better?
Hi, my blood pressure is a little high. Short of medication, what are some things I could do to lower it?
Please tell me the history of Apple Inc.
I am trying to remove clumps or knots of hair from my cat's coat. What can I do to make this process easier for both them and me?
Does a vegan diet have enough nutrients to be healthy for you?
I want to know how to make plain bagels.
What fruit juice is the best for you?
What is the best way to ask for a raise?
Can you tell me how they evaluate the value of a diamond for jewelry?
How long should you weight train a day?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Satay?
How to make easy side money?
How do I measure belly fat?
Is it possible to get too many vitamins? Can you overdose if you take lots of vitamin C or D supplements?
I love drinking coffee, although it's not always the healthiest thing. I'm curious where the majority of coffee is produced, internationally?
what can i buy to make my camping experience more pleasant?
Can I train my parrot to go places with me?
How do you clean a hard wood floor?
ET the Extra-Terrestrial, directed by Steven Spielberg, was a great flick. I'm curious about how Spielberg wrote the movie, where he got the ideas?
How do I manage distractions at work?
What are some traditional Mexican tortas I can make?
How do I fix a flat tire?
I would like to learn more about the Mona Lisa painting.
What are some good toppings for hamburgers?
Do you have any tips for beginners trying to learn how to play guitar?
Could you explain to me how sunscreen protects your skin from the sun?
Should you straighten your hair?
Do you like stories?
What does it mean when someone is upset with you?
How can I protect my windows from getting splattered when painting the house?
Is Netflix a good subscription choice for streaming movies?
What size TV would you recommend for viewing from 16 feet away?
People who live autonomously, get a bad rap culturally. How can we validate and reinforce autonomous dwellers in this culture?
What should you eat after getting a tooth pulled?
hat are some industrial uses for Bainite?
How do I make sangria?
Why Cancun in Mexico is so popular with American tourists?
What are some good songs by Michael Buble?
What can I do to reduce my risk of diabetes
I've heard that the plot of The Lion King was actually stolen from a Japanese movie. Is there truth to this?
I am wondering about science accomplishments. Specifically, can you tell me of women that are known for their big scientific findings or accomplishments?
Do you think you can tell me about some easy woodworking projects?
Search for tuna noodle casserole.
What are games like tag my kids could play?
How do you make cranberry sauce?
How do you get over stage fright?
How do you make maraconi and cheese?
Hi, I have a pain disorder, and I've heard marijuana might be useful for treating it, and safer than opiates. Can you tell me how to go about getting a medical marijuana prescription?
I am writing a paper about Elon Musk. Can you tell me the most important contributions he has made to the scientific community?
How can I get started with Falconry?
Search for a deviled egg recipe
How does acupuncture work?
How long do you have to wait before reporting a person as missing?
What is a just because note I can write my husband?
I recently saw The Wire and thought it was great. Can you recommend similar shows?
Who ran the fastest mile?
I wonder what kind of fabric makes the most effective gift wrapping bow. Plastic, wool, paper?
Opera is a classic type of music, that definitely has themes of class involved. I'd like to learn more about Opera, generally. What are classic Operas, to be aware of?
I want to know more about the New York Stock Exchange.
Hi, how does a touch screen phone work?
What are reasons I should not use a credit card?
how much money should i give a 7 year old for an allowance?
How can I learn karate?
Tell me about Astro Boy video game.
What is masa used for
I'm going to Spain and want to learn some basic food words in Spanish. Can you help me?
I need to learn how to say some phrases in a few languages. Can you help me?
How do I get better at dong planks?
if i know how to ride a bike can i ride a motorcycel?
Is it illegal for my neighbors to park their cars in front of my mailbox, even if it is on the street?
If Batman and Superman got into a fight, which one would win?
Hi! I've been with my long-term partner for several years now and I want to bring back more flirting into the relationship. Could you give me some relationship advice?
I want to watch some anime movies, I haven't really seen many before. What do you think are some really good ones that would be good to start with?
How can I mix paints?
What is a VPN and should I use one?
What language do people speak in the Netherlands?
Whats a good road bike recommendations for a beginner?
Is there a youtube app without ads I can download for my tablet?
I'm interested in getting a dog. What breed should I get?
People tell me I'm too skinny. What kind of foods should I eat so I bulk up?
How do I become a newscaster?
I'm looking to take some ibuprofen medication for a low grade fever and some mild inflammation and pain, but I heard that taking ibuprofen too much can eventually cause damage to organs or bodily functions. What are your thoughts on taking medication for mild symptoms?
Who were Bonnie & Clyde?
Can you help me with some tips for improving my intelligence?
What are the most famous songs, known for Gregorian chant? I know the style generally, but do they have hits?
What can I use on baby's hair to make it sit a certain way?
How do I do elf on the shelf?
I'd heard that Sammy Davis Jr. was in the military. Is that true?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cheese Fondue?
Is gallbladder removal a major surgery?
What is Hashimoto's disease?
How do I make tacos al pastor?
Is there anything to see around Phoenix? I have a business meeting there but I will have two days off afterward.
Is fluoride a necessarily ingredient to toothpaste? Why or why not?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Beef Pares?
Do you know any Irish recipes?
How do I properly fold clothes?
How much water do I need to drink every day?
What can I do with the boxes I get from Amazon?
My boyfriend loves scary movies, but I don't. How can I watch horror movies with him without getting too scared to sleep?
What does beyond a reasonable doubt mean?
What are some ways to start eating smaller portions of food?
I have a DVD that has been scratched. Is there a good way to polish it smooth again so the DVD will play again?
I'm a woman and am tired of my hair. I'm thinking of buzzing it all off. What should I consider?
Do you know what are harmful things one should not throw away? I know one of them are batteries
How do I learn to do wallclimbing?
Can you tell me the back story behind the Area 51 conspiracy?
How do I connect my phone to my car with Bluetooth?
What is basic training?
What is the best choice you ever made
Are prepaid cards worth it?
I'm 30 years old and never learned to dance, but I'd like to learn now. What are my first steps?
What are some salty things I can put in oatmeal?
How does the human body know where to grow things like hair and nails?
Can you describe the character Fox Mulder from the X Files?
What is rocket fuel made out of?
Search for a muesli recipe
How do I know how much alcohol is too much for me per sitting?
When did human beings invent socks? They came into being in a specific century, if not a specific year.
What should you eat on a low sodium diet?
What kind of Pokemon games are there for the Gameboy Advance?
How can I get my children to get along better?
My children want a pet and I was wondering what is a good first pet for a child to have?
Should you take you dog for a ride in the car?
What happened to Berlin in WWll?
Do they still build airplanes out of wood?
What are some ways that I can help cut back on how much alcohol I drink?
What is a good topic to use for an argumentative essay?
What are some of the downsides or cons of owning a big home?
How do I prune a tree?
How do I avoid the flu during flu season?
How do I find glasses that look good on my face?
How do you do a slam dunk in basketball?
Can you tell me a little bit about ADHD?
How can I use less plastic to help the environment?
What was World War 2 like?
What are the benefits of working from home?
What should I have for breakfast
Glen Campbell used to be a famous singer. What are a few of his big songs?
I'd love to know more about the sculpture of The Thinker, by Rodin. What do you know?
I love caesar salads and want to make one at home. Can you give me a recipe?
How do the elderly end up in a nursing home?
What is the highest mountain in Alaska?
I'm taking the Greyhound bus to Philadelphia tomorrow and then I plan on visiting The Franklin Institute. Can you help me get from Philadelphia's Greyhound station to The Franklin Institute?
What are some typical Andalucian dishes?
I only have a week off. I cannot decide between going to London or Paris. I have never been there before.
what are some motivational phrases I can tell my kids?
How do you sharpen a pencil?
How can I stop a bunion from growing?
What is the difference between a first cousin and a second cousin?
How do I encourage a baby to pull up?
What are the best Metallica songs?
My cat won't stop meowing. Help
How do people make money on Tiktok?
The Breakfast Club was a great movie. I'm curious about the making of the movie. Like how long it took, if people had thoughts about the production?
I think I broke my big toe. What should I do to care for it?
Can you help me find a new hobby?
How can I get my cat to stop begging for so much food?
How do I become an elementary school teacher?
I just bought and Iphone, but I've been using Android. What do I need to do to switch over?
I'd like to become a world famous writer. Any suggestions on how to get there?
Which programming language is the easiest to learn online on my own?
What is the best way to freeze vegetables?
Do you have any advice on how to make new friends as an adult?
Which dog breed has the longest life span?
I'm thinking of getting a cat. What should I know beforehand?
Can you describe the steps of touching up a tiny spot of chipped auto paint?
How do you sterilize a small open wound?
Please tell me which vehicle is often called the first muscle car?
what is the information super highway
What are some gift ideas for mom for Christmas?
What is the easiest way to hang Christmas lights?
I've heard garlic is a great natural antibiotic. Does it help with colds?
Search for a ham slider recipe
Can you tell me a little bit about ADHD?
Is there a correlation between being able to learn multiple languages and how intelligent someone is? I've read conflicting things about this.
I have a headache, any recommendations for how to help?
What is more important to a website. on-page or off-page SEO? I have a limited budget and would like some insight into them both.
How do I know if my computer has a virus?
How can I grow my hair faster?
How do I cut a baby's toenails?
Is it actually possible to go back in time?
Can you help me with a recipe for a delicious fish pie?
On most keyboards, what's the shortcut for "copy" function?
How do I find the best deal while booking a hotel?
Can you explain briefly what a Ponzi scheme is?
How can I learn to play the flute?
I was reading a book about aliens and wondered. Do you think aliens exist? what would they look like?
Can you explain to me how the Canadian government works?
What do you do at a Bingo game?
How can I keep my passwords safe?
I am writing a report on bees for school, can you tell me how they make honey?
What should I feed a puppy?
When did Spring Awakening open on Broadway?
What is incognito mode in Chrome?
I'm writing a paper on the effects of drinking on the human brain. Can you give me more information on what those effects are?
I've decided to change my career and become a truck driver. Got any tips for me man?
How do you cook brown rice on a stovetop?
Birds are so cool. I wonder how they got the ability to fly the way do? Some can fly for days non-stop.
How can I learn new words and use them?
Which bands are similar to Deep Purple?
What are some good sandwiches to eat at home if I'm hungry?
What does a nurse anesthetist do?
Why do conservatives want to raise election doubts so they can install a dictator?
Do you know about the Men in Black?
Find a egg casserole recipe
How do you take your coffee?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Char Siu?
What are some good telenovelas I can watch?
What are some fun things I can play for a very small party for a ten year old?
Why cant a country just print more money?
Hi, I'd like to add incline rear bridges to my workout. Can you tell me how to perform one?
When should I charge my phone?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Locro de Papa?
My nephew is really into superheros right now. What are some fun superhero movies I could watch with him?
What are the benefits to running barefoot rather than using sneakers?
How should my child to multiply numbers?
I've stumbled on an old song, "All This Time" by Tiffany. Can you perhaps provide recommendations for similar songs?
I just moved into a new house and we don't have a mailbox. Can people still deliver mail?
Can you treat eczema?
How do I freeze a casserole?
Who is the current FIFA president?
Find Chuck Norris movies
What are some alternatives to turkey for thanksgiving?
What is the benefit of having a V-12 engine in your car?
what do i do if an owl is roosting in my barn?
Why don't other countries have the same game as American Football?
If there was a future war for the control of freshwater supplies. Which nation has the greatest supply currently and would, therefore, be the best place to relocate now?
Hi, I have a bunch of cucumbers that will probably end up spoiling, and I'd like to make pickles with them. Can you explain how to do that?
What is some easy car maintenance I can do myself to save money?
How do I put carpeting on stairs?
build a safe outside play area for a three year old and a five year old
Hey! I want to start enjoying football Sunday more, but I don't really understand the rules of football, can you help me learn some?
What are good board games to play as a family?
what do i do about a chronic dry cough?
I want to make a dessert that originates from Afghanistan. It's called Sheer Pira
What are some exercises I can do with a pull up bar?
How do I go to sleep when I am having an active mind?
I'm trying to find out more information about Stink Bugs, could you provide me some details?
does online shopping create a lot of waste?
Are electric cars better for the environment that internal combustion engines?
I'm trying to book a flight from NYC to Orlando on December 18th. Can you tell me what the prices are?
I want to go to San Francisco. Have you been there?
How does a train engine work?
What are some interesting things I can add to a grilled cheese sandwich?
I want to get into coffee but I only like sweet drinks! Do you know what I can try?
How do I use epoxy?
who are some good pop singers of the modern day?
At what age do kids need to start putting on deodorant?
What are some good brands of adult diapers?
Can you suggest a good smart speaker
Do you know the definition of fear?
Did they use to use animal intestines for condoms before the advent of rubber?
Is it easier to make an oven baked turkey or a deep fried one?
What herbal supplements have been shown to calm anxiety, or cause a sense of soothing?
What are some features that blink has that Google chrome does not have?
What's are some pastries that contain dulce de leche in them?
The timer is getting short, one last question? What is the best way to make a cake?
What can I do to thicken my thin hair
What are some good treats I can give my cat?
What are some recipes using M&Ms?
How fast does a rocket need to be traveling to get into space?
Why do we decorate trees for Christmas?
What should I do if my boss is always mean to me?
My child just lost her first tooth and she's expecting a gift from the tooth fairy.
How do you change a flat tire to the spare?
Octopuses are such strange creatures. I hear they can change colors. How would that be possible?
what can i do if my child wants a dog but isn't ready for the responsibility?
I'm planning to make brownies for Christmas. Do you have a good recipe?
Can you give some examples of gemstones in a list format. I know there are many so naming a few will suffice.
I'm looking for rock and roll music to listen to. What are some of Don Henley's famous hits?
What are the differences between frogs and toads?
I hate waking up to loud leaf blowers in the morning, isn't there a law against them or something?
I’m trying to find a way to sleep better
When were the first candles made?
Which common household chemical, is best for cleaning overall?
what are some vegetables to put in a potato salad?
I want to start investing in cryptocurrency. What crypto should I invest in?
can you give me a recipe for cranberry relish?
How many words does the average novel have in it?
How do I get rid of algae in a pond?
How do you adjust the video quality on YouTube?
Are the expensive sneakers worth the cost?
How can I learn sign language?
I want to know the history of Broadway theatre. Can you help me?
Why is the suicide rate so high in Alaska?
How can I hunt for ghosts?
How do you start a quick scan in Microsoft Security?
Are peanut butter and jelly sandwiches bad for your health?
How do I transport fish when moving?
Which programming language should I learn for game development?
Can you be an actor on TV and not be in the actor's union?
I'm interesting in checking out a movie tonight. What's the plot to The Sound of Music? That's a classic.
Can you recommend some superhero TV shows to me?
What was Marilyn Monroe famous for?
Why do I look better in a mirror than in pictures? I always hate how I look in pictures.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dulce de batata?
How do you cover wrinkles on your face?
How can I set food out for wild deer to eat?
How can I grow lavender from a cutting?
What kinds of milk options are dairy free?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bobotie?
I'm looking to teach martial arts to middle schoolers
What are some fun savannah animals I can teach my kids about?
My dog is overweight. What are some easy ways to help it get to a healthier weight?
Find a snickerdoodle recipe
What is the best selling doll of all time?
Who is Tom Selleck?
I have some questions about the CIA. First of all, when was it formed? I heard it wasn't around during the founding of the country and is a more recent organization.
How does discord work?
Should kids use mouthwash?
What is Google Voice?
What is Tzatziki?
Can you give some examples of German automakers?
Please tell me the order of the planets from The Sun.
Is covid ever going to go away?
Do you think you can recommend some jazz music for me?
Is it normal for some people to not like office jobs at all even though they pay well?
How do you recondition leather?
What can my kids make out of blocks?
Is there any good programs that will read my books to me?
How do I stop from being so gassy?
Is it possible to replicate McDonalds french fries at home?
I wanna describe to a child the different kind of works under the umbrella of computer science
Not sure what blood test results will be
Can you help me learn a few common phrases in Hungarian?
How can I comfort my daughter? Her sister left for college and she misses her terribly.
How do I train my cat who is being bad?
Learning Spanish is mandatory in most high schools in the US. How come so few people actually know the language then?
How can I get better at fact checking and figuring out if things are true or false?
What is the VFW?
How long should you quarantine with Covid?
What size tv is good for a medium sized bedroom?
What pain reliever is safest to take long term?
Who colonized South America?
How can I sew a quilt?
What are the origins of St. Patrick's Day?
I'd like to know what are materials that are recycable
Soon I have to consider sending my son to school, and wondered what you thought about home-schooling?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nyama Choma?
Find a strawberry shortcake recipe.
What are some good Christmas dinner meals?
When was Samsung established?
What are the most common foods in the kitchen, that cause disease? I read an article stating that potatoes could be potentially quite dangerous if not stored correctly.
Can you help me determine if I have any poisonous spiders in my area?
What are things one can do to avoid miscommunication with others?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sillsallet?
What does blue lives matter?
Can you explain how ventriloquists talk without opening their mouths?
how do i get a one year old to drink regular milk?
How do I find constellations?
How do you cover wrinkles on your face?
I'm starting a new job this week. How can I have a smooth transition to a new work environment?
What are some spaghetti sauce ideas?
Do angels exist?
What are some ways to celebrate New Years Eve?
How do I dye my hair?
What does blue lives matter?
should i commemorate the death of a loved one?
Who is Nancy Pelosi?
How should I take care of someone who is sick?
Is it necessary to update my computer when updates are available?
Is it true that microwaves can cause cancer due to radiation or is this a myth?
The book Dune, has been a classic for quite some time. There are at least three movie versions of that book. I'm curious which is probably the best version, or if you've heard about any of the versions?
Can you recommend me some trip hop? I heard a little bit of the genre and it sounded pretty cool.
Hi, I'd like to work on my latissimus dorsi. Can you suggest some exercises for that, and explain how to perform them?
How often should you change your car battery?
Can you tell me the general guideline of cooking a whole fish?
I would like to know if cannabis is legal to consume in the state of Maryland.
Is there any economical way to lower humidity in a house?
How do I decide which child should put the star on the Christmas tree?
What are the symptoms of the coronavirus?
Is the song 'Killing In The Name of" an anti-police song? I saw people at a pro-police rally singing it.
can i keep a rat and mouse together?
What are some ideas for a family reunion?
An ATM gave me more money that I asked for. Could I get in trouble for keeping it?
My new M1 macbook only has a charge capacity of 4382. Is this normal?
Is Atari still in operation?
do dishes get cleaner washing by hand or in the dishwasher?
What are ways that I can deep clean my house that don't take very long?
How should I dress on a summer hike?
What can I do if I hate bugs but don't like killing them?
What is work study?
Find a nacho supreme recipe
What are some fun crafts for kids to do on easter?
Search for Harry Styles songs
Can you help me figure out how to get wine stains out of a shirt?
Can you tell me how to protect my emails with encryption?
Can you help me find a podcast that is similar to one that I listen to?
Can you explain how cell phone towers work?
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
How does a smart gird work for powering a countries electric grid?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nasi Kuning?
I'm thinking about having a child with my partner, is it a good idea?
What countries are considered to be Scandinavia?
Do you think you can help me with some questions about taking care of a stray cat?
Should I move to San francisco?
Do I need special stuff to clean my computer monitor or can I just use water and a paper towel?
How do you apply to college?
How is wine fermented?
How can I make my dog stop barking when it hears a car outside?
Can you help me explain to my daughter about the Moon and its cycles?
I'm feeling a little funny right now. Can you help me figure out what's going on?
Can you tell me what company invented the DVD player?
What year was Criminal Minds produced
What are some snacks 8 month olds can enjoy?
What does being vegan mean?
how do i open a bottle without a bottle opener?
Is it important to get married, if you are with a long term partner?
What does impeachment mean?
How do you make a banana split?
I get sunburned really easily. What are some ways I can protect my skin from the sun?
Is loud music bad for the health?
Do other countries besides the US celebrate a Thanksgiving day?
Do you think California will outlaw internal combustion engines?
HI, my tea kettle needs to be scaled. Can you explain how to do that?
What are some fun outdoor hobbies that I should try?
How do I make a traditional green been casserole for Thanksgiving?
Could you teach me a bit about William Shakespeare?
How do I enable incognito mode in Chrome?
Should you call people sir and mam?
Is it illegal to wear body armor in the US?
How can I repurpose a girl's doll house for a boy?
How do I stop feeling so embarrassed?
How can I make my clothes whiter?
I am almost halfway through paying off my mortgage and the house opposite mine has come up for sale. Do you think the bank will grant me a second mortgage to buy this home, primarily for a rental property?
I'm doing a research paper on MK Ultra. What can you tell me about that?
Does cornbread actually have corn in it?
How do you get over your fear of needles?
We've just moved to the area and I have two children, ages 5 and 7. We don't know anybody in the neighborhood or even in the town really but I need to find a safe, reliable babysitter and I don't know where to begin.
Is it illegal to dig through dumpsters at businesses?
Which number president was Donald Trump?
What does a nurse anesthetist do?
How do I clean fish?
Can you tell me what the forecast temperature is for Wednesday morning on the 17th of November, in Salt Lake City, Utah?
How can I color sand for a school project?
How can I make my own hummus at home?
What is asthma?
I want to gain muscle. What’s some practical steps to gain muscle?
How can I make my own carne asade marinade?
Why do some countries drink a lot of coffee and others tea?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. Can you give me a recipe for Chasseur Sauce?
How do I know if I have anxiety?
How do yo adjust the coarseness of coffee ground if you do your own grinding?
I wanna figure out if I should own a front load washer or a top load washer. Can you describe the similarities and differences of them?
Do you know if there's a way a person can track their carbon footprint related to their driving?
How can I get rid of wrinkles on my face?
How do you avoid high atm fees?
How do I get more flexible in ballet?
What are some innovate ways to use eggs for dinner?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Mujadara?
I'm having a vegetarian over for dinner and I have no idea what to make him, because most of what my family eats is meat. What are some easy to make vegetarian dishes?
What is a game winning strategy for Montana
I am trying to find out where I can get a Welsh Corgi in Orlando
I want to learn how paint is made
How long should you quarantine with Covid?
What is a good age for a child to start using a trampoline?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken Shawarma?
Is a hamster a good pet for a kid?
What are some popular Mexican herbs and spices?
How is seawater different than fresh water?
How can I clean a saxophone mouthpiece?
what are some good star wars quotes?
How do I make a ball pit?
Would an event planner be a fun career?
When is the best time to visit Alaska?
I just downloaded a new mac update called Big Sur. What are the improvements of this new OS?
What age is good to take an international flight?
What do I need to cross the border into Mexico?
How can I get my cat to stop clawing the furniture?
What can you see in Alaska?
Why does my tap water stink?
Can you give some examples of gemstones in a list format. I know there are many so naming a few will suffice.
How do yo select and delete multiple files in a folder in Win 10?
Why do I see so many people driving at night with their lights off? It really is a problem in my eyes and this is not something I am making up. Multiple cars a night I see on the road with no lights on. Is it just the dumbing down and laziness of society due to technology or is there another reason. I am in my mid-40s and have never seen so many cars driving around at ight with their lights off.
What can I get as a present for a ten year old who loves to write?
I want to make my own strawberry jam, how can I do it?
Which is better, and ipad or a kindle fire tablet?
What are the methods in which demagogues engage in?
How much should I charge for dog sitting?
How do I spot a rainbow?
Can you recommend a recipe for a birthday cake?
At what age will children stop wetting the bed?
Why does it feel weird to reconnect with someone you haven't seen in awhile?
How do I bowl a split in Bowling?
How do you fly a kite?
Do you know how to make rendang, an Indonesian dish?
What are the pros and cons of going on a vacation?
How do I change the oil on my car?
I'm planning my Christmas dinner and I need ideas for the tablescape.
How to make chocolate chip cookies
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
What is the best animal to get if you are allergic to long hair?
What kind of soup is the best for when you have a cold?
What kinds of sunflowers are there?
I'd like to go for a walk in a forest in the UK, can you recommend a place?
I've read that hunters use camouflage to hide themselves from animals. How does camouflage work?
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
What can I see in Alamos, Sonora, Mexico?
How come people say not to put hot food in the fridge?
What is the difference between pigeons and doves?
I'm trying to learn more about the movie Silence of the Lambs, could you help me?
Can you tell me about Down Syndrome?
What does the Disney vault mean?
Can you tell me how the Youtube advertising marketplace works by using analytics?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Trucha a la parrilla?
I want to grow a potted tomato plant but I don't know how. Where do I start?
I'm trying to learn about the salam witch trials
What are some good arguments against atheism?
I would like to watch a romantic comedy movie. Can you please suggest five movies for me to watch?
Do you like stories?
Besides pancakes, what other foods can be paired with maple syrup?
What is the air speed of a fully laden swallow?
I’m trying to decide on what Apple watch to buy
How do I build a bookshelf?
Fruit flies are the worst! One reason I rarely buy bananas. They seem to find them! What's the best way to get rid of them?
What are some casseroles I can make with bagel?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fricasé?
Find apple cinnamon dumpling recipe
What are some places to visit in Tucson, Arizona?
What actors have played Batman?
Should I buy gold, platinum, or silver, if I want to invest in metals?
What animals are closely related to guiniea pigs?
How can I get a house free by squatting?
How can I earn money online at home?
I plan to visit Thailand for two weeks. What is the name of its capital?
If I like music by Fiona Apple, what other artists would I like?
Can you tell me the process for signing up for a gym membership?
So every now and then I wake up with a sore shoulder that makes the day very long. is there any exercises I can do to help relieve pain?
What are some body weight exercises that I can do?
I want to visit Egypt. What is it famous for?
I'm trying to lose my weight but nothing seems to work, what do you think is the best approach to lose weight?
Can you tell me the story of hansel and gretel?
Does it cost more money when you turn your heat on and off? My grandma used to tell me that, but I don't understand why.
When did world war 1 start?
How do I protect my wood deck from termites?
Hi, my toilet bowl has developed an ugly stain in the bottom half, and it's not coming off when I scrub it with the toilet brush. Any tips for getting rid of it?
Which movies are similar to Scarface?
What were some of Nikola Telsas best inventions
I'm trying to clean my kid's stuffed animals. Can you help?
I am attending a traditional Jewish funeral for a colleague. Can you explain to me Jewish funeral customs?
how can i relocate a bee hive?
How do I heal from family trauma so that I can break cycles and become my highest self
How do you touch up the paint on your car?
How do I get my kids to remove the lunchboxes from their backpacks?
What are cute nicknames for a baby?
I know it's a short time frame, but what's the best way to see improvement if I want to get in shape for a month. I want to see results fast so it will encourage me to keep going from there.
Can you recommend some good horror writers besides stephen king?
Will I get over my depression?
How can I strengthen bladder muscles?
What is the Ford Mustang named after?
What is the latest at night I should drink coffee?
Find a recipe for peanut butter cookies
What can I serve with pizza?
How can I get a six pack after turning 40?
What is the difference between American Thanksgiving and the Thanksgiving in Canada? Why does Canada celebrate?
Can you tell me how a carbon tax credit works?
The Great Sphinx of Giza, is one of the most famous sculptures in the world. Who created it, and what's the history of that sculpture?
My friend gave me a nice bottle of tequila for my birthday, what are some good ways to mix or drink?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Farikal?
This holiday season I really want to do my part to help those in need. Can you suggest some things I might be able to do?
I'm having problems with my significant other and feel like we're growing more distant. We're spending less time together. What can we do to help remedy this distance?
Do you know of any exercises that can help with balance?
What does having too much salt in your diet do to you?
Can you tell me some home remedies for a sore throat?
How do I understand the terminology in a court document?
I would like to learn more about US history. What are some important moments in US history that I can read about?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Danish Kringle?
What are some good playdate ideas for a ten year old?
where are blackberries grown in the US?
I think my appendix might have burst and I need to go to the hospital. What are the symptoms and signs of a burst appendix?
I want to go to Japan. What time of year is best to do this for a tourist?
What is a game winning strategy for Montana
I am a new father and struggling with which values I should instill into my son to help him grow into a respectable man. Can you help me think through this?
What language was the holy bible originally written in?
Baseball seems to be a common interest in the U.S. Who are some of the historical players that are famous?
Will human activity like burning fossil fuel, mining, waste disposal into water sources, and drilling destroy the earth?
I have a big giant tree out front that attracts a ton of stink bugs, a.k.a. boxelder bugs. They are a giant nuisance and the exterminator could not provide me with any advice on how to prevent them from entering your home. Can you tell me everything you know about this bug?
During WWll, how many naval ships did Germany have?
How were the Mayans able to come up with such an accurate calendar?
Are wild boars native to North America of were they brought over?
Why do some people seem so insistent that the Apple iPhone is superior to Android?
Can you teach me about about lupus and how to treat it?
How much milk should a 1 month baby drink
How can I stop drinking so much soda?
How to you get an Uber?
Why shouldn't I eat fast food?
Why is the USA so polarized when it comes to politics?
What was the first cartoon character?
Find directions for defrosting a freezer
I'm trying to figure out what to get my wife for Christmas. Can you help?
I'm new to wearing makeup, but really want to make my eyes standout.
Who is worth more, Seinfeld or Oprah?
What should I do if I have a nose bleed?
How do you laminate a document?
Any advice on how to stay calm after being insulted?
what is a good country in the middle east to visit?
I never go to the snow but just in case I ever find myself experiencing frostbite, how can I treat it?
I'm trying to learn more about the Bill of Rights. Who proposed the bill?
What do dogs like to eat?
Where should you go for tax help?
Are calico cats mean?
Can you tell me about the Nation of Islam in the United States?
Is it illegal to dig through dumpsters at businesses?
How do I paint glass jars?
What should I pack to go on a fall picnic?
I'm gonna cook salmon and want to know what are food safety tips when cooking salmon
How do I avoid the flu during flu season?
What should you do to recover after a workout?
I noticed it was foggy this morning. I've heard that may be a sign of good weather to come?
What is the biggest mammal in the world?
how do i soothe a sore throat?
How can I merge on the highway without stopping?
Can you tell me which Pokémon cards are worth the most money for collectors?
What is the tallest mountain in the world?
I need a salad to serve at a dinner party. Can you help me decide between the different kinds?
How can I clean caked on grease on a stove?
Should you cremate your pet?
should i dry my hair with a hair dryer?
I would like to know the mutual fund definition. Can you help me?
What makes someone a good son?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Austrian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zwiebelrostbraten?
Who was better? The Monkees or the Beatles
Can you tell me what the best time of the day is to water the plants in my garden?
when building a new doorway what is the best header to use
I'm trying to decide what I want to do with my degree when I graduate from college. i don't know what job would be best for me
I know that going for walks is good for the body. But I am trying to determine which time of the day I should walk. What are some reasons as to why starting the day out with a walk is better than later in the day?
Why are there less items in the stores since covid
What are some nice ways to prepare chicken breasts?
What is the best way to lose weight?
Have you heard of Golden Gate Bridge?
How do I change the oil in my car?
I know of someone who does not understand the PEMDAS method of solving math equations. What is the best way to explain this to her.
What do the Boy Scouts of America do?
Do you have recipe for chocolate chip pancakes you can walk me through?
How do I make a Mediterranean sandwich?
I love planets and learning about the solar system in general. Can you tell me the similarities between Earth and Mars?
How do I make a skirt for a Barbie doll?
I want to make pumpkin bread since I have a couple of pumpkins that I used for Halloween decoration.
I want to write a complaint letter to a company that sold me a faulty product. Can you give me guidance on how to best format this letter?
What are some good side dishes to go with chicken?
What are advantages of grass fed beef?
How do I get a needle out of my foot?
I am baking pumpkin muffins for thanksgiving this year. Do you have any tips or advice on how to make them come out well?
Which items should I have to be prepared for a power outage?
How can I volunteer in a pet shelter?
What are some of the best tourist attractions in Germany?
Can you teach me ways to curl my hair without using a curling iron?
How do I make mashed potatoes with skins?
What are the laws and guidelines for a child safety seat in a car?
Is there any economical way to lower humidity in a house?
If you were human what would you do first
What is the best material for pillows to be made out of.
Is the Iphone SE a good phone?
What will remove cigarette odor from a room?
I have an anxiety disorder and I'm trying to figure out strategies to calm my anxiety attacks. Do you have any advice?
Hello, I'm trying to find out what it means to be sensitive
I don't communicate with my assistant well and they're always misinterpreting what I want them to do. How can I improve this?
How do I make potatoes for a baby?
My toilet tank won't stop running. Can you tell me how I can fix that?
So, the Romans are the ones that named our days of the week?
Do you know of any software or apps that help a person manage their finances?
How do i help a parent that might have dementia
How do I apply chalkboard paint to a wall?
What are some good books for a kid who likes Harry Potter?
I'm entering a chili cooking competition. I need a great recipe for the best chili
What do I need to learn for wine tasting?
I see a lot of peoples' names in movie credits for jobs like best boy, grip, and camera operator. How many different aspects go into making a movie?
How many species of doves exist?
Can you describe the character Fox Mulder from the X Files?
What skills do I need to be a bartender?
Is Disney on Ice worth it?
How can I make magnets for my refrigerator from colored felt and magnets?
What is Yorkshire Pudding?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz Marinero?
How many divisions are there in the Western NBA Conference?
What can you tell me about Belize?
I want to make cheese ravioli. Can you help me?
How do I make fried Mexican sushi?
How do I stop my child from being obsessed with a stuffed animal?
Can you teach me how to make candles?
How do you defrost a turkey?
I've heard a goldfish has a very short-term memory. Are there cases like that with humans too? I mean not like of old age, but rather even when still at a younger age.
Can you tell me the steps necessary to join the US Coast Guard?
Should you buy life insurance?
How do I remove a wasp nest?
I am looking to write a paper on American Presidents. Can you give me some facts about Bill Clinton?
Why do people collect sneakers?
How can I socialize my baby?
Did Coca Cola really used to have cocaine in it?
What is the process for a farm to get their produce certified Organic?
Do you know any Irish recipes?
I am too tired during the day so I think I need more sleep. How can I get myself to bed earlier at night?
How can I show my elderly mom that I care? She's in a nursing home.
I want to spruce up my living room. What are some affordable ways to update its decor?
I'm putting together a Southern BBQ themed dinner. What should I have on the menu?
What things do I need to have a poker game at my house?
With winter coming, I want to make sure the birds have enough food.
I need to increase my vitamin d intake. What are some good sources for it?
All I have are some dumbbells and a pull-up bar. Is this enough to build a good physique?
Can you give me a recipe for sugar cookies?
Hey! I procrastinated Christmas shopping so now I desperately need help planning last minute Christmas gifts
How do you treat delirium?
Do you know the definition of fear?
Can you tell me a little bit about ADHD?
Who is making the better cpu these days? AMD or Intel?
How can I learn to play guitar without bothering my neighbors?
What does it mean when they declare a mistrial?
What are the advantages of getting a flu shot?
Is burning man a heathen festival?
What are some cool patches I can sew on a jean jacket?
How many stars are there in the night sky?
How much training does it take to be a professional tuba player?
I plan to visit Disney World in Florida. Which one is the nearest airport?
how do you get on wipe out?
I just spilled red wine on my carpet, how can I get the stain out?
Can you tell me the general legal issues covered by business law?
Esther Hicks is a well known speaker on spiritual matters. When did she get started, and what is her main theory?
Is gravity stronger on Jupiter than on the Earth?
what are some good jacket brands for cold weather?
How do you change an inner tube in a bicycle tire?
How can I train myself to run longer distances?
What are some good ideas for things to have at a child's birthday party?
How can I stay cool in the summer?
Who was the first president and when was he born?
I need some information on how to lay tile in my bathroom
How do I call someone in Australia if I live in America?
I am writing about what are the causes of the most fatalities in the USA. Can you tell me what the leading cause of death is in the USA?
How do I make homemade croutons?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zlabia?
Hi, I remember people used to get pen pals, and I'd like to do that, if it's still possible. How does someone get a pen pal?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carbonada Criolla?
What are the benefits of debate club?
Can you help me find what size snowboard I need?
Can you name some Italian automakers?
Can you tell me how to make a great Italian sub sandwich?
What can you see in Bali, Indonesia?
what information should i provide my babysitter before i leave?
what are some countries in asia i should visit?
Do you know of any good rock music?
Is ASL the same as sign language in other countries?
Can you tell me how shipping companies calculate how much it is to ship packages? I wanted to ship a 2 pound package at is was over 15 dollars.
Is a cockatiel a good pet?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
Are you working yet?
Sometimes it is hard to distinguish what is an amphibian and what is a reptile. Can you tell me how one can distinguish them?
What are some snacks 8 month olds can enjoy?
How often should I shower my hair?
when was the first Hyundai Elantra produced?
I'm trying to get fit and want to learn how to do lunges at home. Can you provide me information on how to do lunges correctly?
I want to know how to make pancakes from scratch.
What are the best charities that help homeless people?
Is there any hair treatment to make my hair really look thicker?
christmas is coming around what should i get my family
How can I make my own bone broth?
Why won't my kids go to sleep in the evening?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Yangzhou fried rice?
How do I get a job at a large corporation?
What is dry cleaning?
What is in a milkshake?
What are the advantages of taking a cruise versus flying from place to place?
Can you tell me films that have one Oscars starring Eddie Murphy?
I have a migraine, is there anything I can do to treat it?
What can you tell me about how Buddhist monks live?
Can you tell me about the United States history?
How do trees produce oxygen?
What is there to do in Singapore?
Can you tell me the basics of cooking a turkey?
How much milk should a 1 month baby drink
What are some fun easter activities for kids?
How do I say a prayer at a funeral?
My best friend is having a baby. What are some good gifts for a new mom and baby?
How do I conquer insomnia?
Every time I shave my beard I tend to get red bumps on my chin. Is there any way for me to stop this from happening?
Is Krispy Kreme donut company still around? I love their donuts.
Can you help me say some phrases in other languages?
Search for a steak and mushroom recipe
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kringla?
I have never been fishing before and would like to learn some basics. What should I know before my first fishing trip?
What are some fun playdate themes?
I have to file taxes and I don't know where to start. Can you help me understand the steps I need to take to file my taxes?
Do you know any good candle scents?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
How can I divide ferns?
Hi, I really want to learn the key to financial freedom, but unfortunately lack financial freedom. Could you help me?
How do I make a super woman costume?
I'm going to Poland and need to learn some words for food.
How do I know if I got Covid-19?
How do you take your coffee?
When did it become illegal to be a prostitute in the United States?
How do I sanitize a toothbrush?
How do you pop corn with out getting a bunch of old maids
Which company invented the first portable CD player?
How do you make the bed after waking up in the morning?
What can i make with basil?
What is the meaning of life
What are some fruit trees that can be grafted together?
What does a veterinary technician do?
Why do students in China go to school year round?
Do you have any book recommendations for learning math used in construction?
Do you like stories?
What are some good African foods?
How can I reduce my food waste?
what was the number one song for March 1966
How do people become a judge?
Do most people that commit homicide in the US end up getting caught?
My knees are starting to swell due to injuries I'm getting hiking and climbing up very steep mountainous terrain. What can I do to prevent injuries moving forward?
What is the best way to protect a phone?
I am planning an anniversary dinner for my partner. What sorts of things should we do?
I'm making apple pie for the first time. Some recipes say to cut the apples in eighths and other say to slice them very thinly. What is best?
How can you get weather on your phone?
What is the price of a first class stamp?
What does a catalytic converter do
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn a few words in German.
Can you name some of the angels mentioned in the Bible?
Can you explain to me how the internet works?
What is a "blue screen of death"?
What are the best stretches that I can do to increase flexibility?
How often do you need your eyes checked?
I'd like to start scuba diving lessons. Can you recommend a good place to take lesson and to do some scuba diving?
How do I make sweet potatoes?
What is in a milkshake?
I woke up with a really stiff neck that hurts when I try to turn my head. Can you help me manage the pain?
I'm trying to repair rotting wood in the middle of winter. Can you give me any advice for doing this?
What are ways I can cook tempeh?
Can you explain to me the concept of "the speed of light". How was this calculated?
I feel I was abducted by aliens.
How can I prevent myself from getting the flu?
Why do people get longer prison sentences for drug crimes than they do for murder?
You know how sometimes bartenders stir drinks? Why are the elongated spoons they use to stir drinks better than using a standard kitchen spoon?
What are the parts of the human heart?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tacos de León?
What is Google Analytics used for?
Can you tell me a list of comedy specials and related information, by comedian Bill Burr?
I am writing a story and would like some help. is that ok?
My father is 76 years old. What are some exercises he could do to stay in shape?
How can I use google maps when I go on a trip?
My iPhone won't give me text notifications anymore. Can you help?
I need to put together an Easter basket for my daughter. What kinds of things should I include?
My daughter is afraid of the dark. How can I help her get over this phobia?
Where does the smoky flavor on barbeque meat come from?
What do you call indigenous people in Australia?
What are some cute ideas for lunchbox notes for my kids?
What are some good Korean singers?
What are the basics of table manners or dining etiquette?
What is a tasty low carb snack?
Find Johnny Depp movies
how do I build more muscle
How can I make chow mein?
What can I see in the French countryside?
What are some strategies for solving a crossword puzzle?
Please tell me the names of the two major parties in the United States.
Can you tell me what are some things I can use acetone for?
How do I decide between getting a cat or a dog?
When was Dunkin Donuts first built?
Do you know how to make rice crispy treats?
how do i reduce inflammation of the gums?
How can I socialize my baby?
When was the MARS chocolate company founded?
What should I do if a fly lands on my food?
A friend of mine is considering getting a perm. I'm unsure long-term that's a good choice. How does chemically treating your hair to have a permanent wave, impact its long-term health?
Will we eventually lose the right to drive ourselves when the automotive technology comes available for cars to drive themselves?
How can I store food if I don't have a pantry?
How can I clean my headlights?
Any tips on how to become a better negotiator?
Do you know anything about movie streaming services?
What can I say in a tribute to someone that died.
My niece is into Sesame Street. What are some sesame street characters she can add to her toy collection?
What does having relationship mean?
I found an ant hill in my backyard. What do I do?
What are some easy ways to make people laugh?
My father passed away a few years ago, but his birthday is coming up. How can I honor his memory on his special day?
Can you provide me with some tips that I can use in order to get rid of a stye that's in my eye.
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make horchata ice cream
I've heard that the Mediterranean diet is healthier than some, why is that?
How much does a subscription to Netflix cost?
Does wearing a tightly curled permanent wave, in your hair, cause long term hair damage?
What country produces the most coffee?
What does affidavit mean?
I just got a notice that I have a package out for delivery today. I thought the mail didn't come on Thanksgiving?
What is the tallest building in the world?
I need to know how long it would take to travel from Maryland to Michigan by car.
How are coffee beans processed to make the drink?
I am planning an anniversary dinner for my partner. What sorts of things should we do?
What are some sighs of low dopamine levels?
Hi, I'd like to have a dry martini. Can you give me a recipe for mixing one?
What is a root canal?
How should I prepare for tonsil removal?
Can you explain the use of the Oxford comma to me?
Can you teach me about capital gains tax?
Did cancer exist before man-made chemicals were around to create it?
What do hair lice look like? I think my daughter may have caught them from a friend but am unsure what they exactly look like.
How does a company get added to the Nasdaq?
How can I stay cool in the summer?
What are some good side dishes for steak?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shami Kebab?
What are some good jeans brands?
What type of bristles should I look for when purchasing a paintbrush?
Did all cowboys in the wild west carry guns?
Can you tell me how to improve my credit score from poor credit?
I want to make pumpkin bread. Perhaps you can help me?
I like punk rock music. what do think is the best punk rock band?
Can you give me some information about the first man that travelled into space?
What kind of foods cause GERD?
How do you make a hamburger?
What's a good book to read to my 3 year old?
How can I get my kids to be more open and honest with me?
How can I run faster at the mile?
What is the best method to make quesadillas?
What is an insurance deductible?
Do you have any advice on how to make new friends as an adult?
Why is Buddhism often suggested for people that have mental health problems?
Pleases tell me how to make butter cookies.
Does massage help with pain?
What do meteorologists predict for this year's winter? I live in the east coast and I'm wondering how much snow we're forecast to get this year compared to average.
Are SAT scores the most important thing when trying to get into a good college?
I would like to build my own meat smoker so I can smoke my own meats at home. Do you have any ideas on how I could do that?
Which airlines offer good business class seats?
I'm planning a trip to an amusement park. What should I bring with me?
Who won the Virginia election over the last week?
Can you tell me what company produced the video game Bloodborne?
Do you have any suggestions for getting better at hitting home runs?
Hello, I am trying to find out how many whales are at Sea World in Orlando, FL. Can you help?
How do I get jobs dressing up as a princess for childrens' parties?
What things should I know for surviving in the wilderness?
How do you treat a pulled muscle?
What is Yorkshire Pudding?
I see a lot of pigeons all the time. What is their purpose in the world?
What can you do at a National Park?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fugazza?
How does the Big Mac Index work and can it possibly be accurate?
Whenever I watch youtube or netflix, the video lags and buffers. Why does this happen and how do I stop it?
What is the country of Japan well-known for? I need some information on basic accomplishments, feats, or cultural information.
How do I get a child to keep their sunglasses on?
I want to know how to make pancakes from scratch.
Find Nicole Eggert movies
How do I make a tropical smoothie?
How old does someone need to be to run for a seat in Congress?
I wanted to buy a new clock for my bedroom wall. What are some of the most popular clocks?
Can you tell me the steps in getting a residential building permit?
Search for butternut squash soup recipe
My kids want to play hide and seek. Do you know the game?
What are some iconic pop songs from 1990s?
what are some good kinds of minivans?
How do I know if I have allergies or a cold?
Can you help me find a site to learn R markdown?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bobotie?
How do I recognize email spam?
What are some non scary activities for toddlers for Halloween?
I'm trying to learn how to play guitar. Can you recommend online classes?
Are there herbal supplements that are useful as combusted smoke, or vape?
Is Serena Williams arguably the best women's tennis player of all time?
I'm trying to teach myself to fall asleep faster. Are there any methods on what I can do?
I need a really good rope for hauling a big piece of furniture. Would polyester be better than nylon, and if so, why is that? What are their differences?
When I make food for baby does it have to be with his formula or can I use regular milk?
Does the Black Lives Matter movement have chapters in every state?
How do I become a flight attendant?
What are some good tools to take with your when going camping?
What are some easy to grow plants I can have on a window sill?
I need a tiramisu recipe.
Where is Melania Trump originally from?
Is an LPN a good career?
Find Anna Faris movies
Who discovered that you could pop corn?
I'd like to do service work, but I'm unsure what group to work with. Any suggestions?
Is the day after Thanksgiving a banking holiday?
Why does the moon look bigger when it is low in the sky?
Is the song 'Killing In The Name of" an anti-police song? I saw people at a pro-police rally singing it.
Is there an ideal time for people to go to bed and also wake up in the morning? Is there anything scientifically relevant with our internal clocks?
Do most people that commit homicide in the US end up getting caught?
I know what regular mayo tastes like, but what does Japanese mayo taste like and how does it differentiate from American mayo?
why shouldn't kids drink energy drinks?
Does taking vitamins really make a difference like the commercials say they do?
How can I get my girlfriend to cook more?
Where is NATO's headquarters?
What things can I do when I am bored and home alone?
How long does it take for diamond to form?
I need to get my brother a gift for his birthday next week, he loves movies and cycling, any suggestions on what to buy him?
I am looking to buy a new car
My husband works very hard at his job and is often stressed and tired. How can I show him I appreciate how hard he works?
What does diversification mean?
What actor plays Alex Karev
Who is Nat King Cole?
How do you take your coffee?
What are some of John Wayne's best movie roles?
I would like to learn about how fans work.
How do i help a parent that might have dementia
What is a good age to get married?
How can you get weather on your phone?
What's the safest way to thaw frozen meats quickly?
Please tell me a story about a grand sea adventure that I took when I was 11 years old.
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
Which type of saw is more effective at trimming the branches of a birch tree?
How do you stay safe on a ladder?
How do i bargain at a flea market?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Es-Teler?
How can I treat calluses on my feet?
How can I bowl a strike in bowling?
In what order do the colors appear in a rainbow?
Was Hitler really responsible for the Volkswagen Beetle?
How do I learn how to do origami?
What are some of the best podcasts to listen to?
Can you give me a recipe for french toast?
I am getting ready to get my business taxes done for the year and I would like to know what documentation I need to take to the accountant so they have what they need to get my taxed figured out.
How can I attract bees to bee boxes to have my own honey?
I'm looking for locations to mini golf in Richmond, Virginia
How do you become a children’s book author?
How many people are on an NFL team?
Are you working yet?
Should you use mouthwash everyday?
Can you tell me about healthy oils that I can cook with?
How many bones are in my right hand?
Who won the NBA championship in 1975?
How can I get my cat to stop clawing the furniture?
How do I kidnap someone?
How do I clean a mirror without making streaks?
can i share a nebulizer?
What steps do I need to take to close out an account with my bank. I don't want to call and ask the customer service line on their help line, it is never dependable. Can you help me out instead?
What are some good tools to take with your when going camping?
What are some good toys for kids who like building blocks?
Have any technological breakthroughs been made in the solar energy field?
I'm looking for some new reading material, and I'd like to know about some of the works of Toni Morrison?
Is well water safe to drink?
How does an academic advisor help you?
Could you help me understand the differences between Republicans and Democrats?
Can you tell me how to share a spotify song to Instagram?
Hi, I'm going to Orlando and the hotel prices I'm finding are outrageous. Do you have any suggestions for how I might get less expensive hotel rooms?
I want to train and become a boxer. How do I start?
How do I deep fry bacon?
What should I know about routine vehicle maintenance?
Sometimes I wonder if dreams have meaning, I heard somewhere that dreams only last a few seconds and not all night long like we remember in the morning. Is this true?
Can you recommend some bands that are similar to Joy Division?
Can you help me find a recipe for melon salad?
I'm unsure of where to invest my money. I know very little about stocks but might be interested in learning more about them. Can you direct me on where to begin?
Find David Charvet movies
How can I strengthen bladder muscles?
How do I stop getting distracted by my phone?
How do I keep from bawling my eyes out in an emotional situation?
Hi, I have to write a thesis statement for my English class. Can you explain how that's done?
What is at the West Wing of the White House?
Can you explain to me how wine is made organically?
I still listen to Frank Sinatra's songs. When did he become famous?
Who were the Vikings?
How do I become a life guard?
what are some good day trips from san francisco?
Do you have any advice for how I can deal with annoying family at thanksgiving dinner?
I am looking for a job and having troubles finding one. What is a good field that doesn’t require a college degree?
I'm going to France and need to learn a few food words.
How do you care for a cast iron pan?
Does learning to play a musical instrument have any benefit for children later in life?
My friend told me their doctor prscibed them Lithium. What does that do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Braised Abalone?
Do Federal Police have jurisdictioneverywhere?
can you explain why the drinking age in USA is 21 but you can join the army at 18?
find a unique gift for my grand daughter one that is not main stream or expected
What are some danger that urban explorers might face when exploring abandoned buildings?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some new dishes. Can you give me a recipe for hummus?
I was listening to a friend online the other day and noticed they have a strong accent, Why do people in Boston sound like that?
Whats the best way to mop my floor
how do i make an ice cream sundae?
What is the difference between a KN95 mask and an N95 mask?
How do you clean your air conditioner?
What can you tell me about the war in Afghanistan
what can i buy for a girl who loves my little pony?
What are some comfortable pajamas?
How can I drill a clay pot?
So last weekend we had some rolling blackouts in the city, and the kids were so bored. What are some activities that I can do with the children during a power outage to keep them entertained?
What are some good places to take kids for a day trip?
What year did the popular band Metallica form?
How does a rock transform into a crystal?
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad Krapow Gai?
Is it in bad taste to wear white to a wedding?
Should my child get vaccinated for covid?
Can you recommend me a couple vegan friendly dinner dishes?
What is Microsoft Windows?
How can I make steak in the oven?
Do you know how much money, on average a AAA video game takes to make?
I'm trying to find the serial number of my Macbook. Can you help me find it?
Do you need fire alarms in your home?
Can you help compare the different types of TV screens for best picture quality?
How do I housebreak a puppy?
What's the best way to get my hair highlights
How can I calm anxiety through breathing?
Why does my skin get more dry in cold weather?
How do I get used to a reduced salt diet?
I need help choosing a new TV to buy for my living room
How do I make a homemade bath bomb?
Can you recommend me a new racing game?
I love popping bubble wrap, but I hear that makes the wrap less effective. What is the main purpose of bubble wrap in packaging?
What are the fastest computers used for these days?
What are some items I could put in a gift basket?
Is human resources a good career?
I'm looking for recommendations of books that are similar to the Harry Potter series.
I would like to learn more about the White River War.
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
Has anyone died from getting the Covid vaccine
What is the best weight loss program for women?
What is the best way to store fruit?
How to make a strong password?
How do I goa bout breaking up with my girlfriend?
What are modern candles made out of?
What are some of the best silent movies?
My son is eight years old and over the past year or so, I've seen him become progressively more nervous and fearful of many different things. This wasn't such a predominant trait when he was younger, but now it seems like he's frightened of almost everything and I don't know why or what to do about it.
What can I do about stinky shoes?
Hello, I am trying to find out how to take care of a Chinchilla. Can you help me?
I need to learn some weather words in Polish.
I have never seen the movie Titanic. Is it worth seeing?
How do you enable captions on a YouTube video?
What do I need to consider when choosing a good pair of hiking boots?
where are most watermelons grown in the US?
How do I get better at using Spanish grammar?
Where do car companies get the idea for the colors they use on new cars?
What color is the sky?
What are some good vegetarian dishes? I have a friend coming over for dinner u=but they don't eat meat
How can I make my own hummus at home?
Are vaccinated people dying of Covid 19?
Are there any options for slowing down or preventing hair loss?
What are the dangers of boxing?
Where is the Taj Mahal?
Can you give me some recommendations for a first date?
What is a "Friendsgiving"?
What is the best way to make an omelet?
How do I transport fish when moving?
The neighbor's kid has a peanut allergy. How dangerous is that.
Find Will Smith movies
Do you need a special license to drive a motorcycle?
What do I do about fatty bumps underneath the skin fo my arm?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make horchata ice cream
What does the Salvation Army do?
Find a pad thai recipe
How do canes help people walk?
How do I make a wedge salad?
What is the best position to sleep in to avoid any back or neck problems? I usually sleep on my stomach.
Who was the first pope?
Can you tell me about this whole gluten allergy thing going on? I've read that its not even real.
I am trying to cut back on my alcohol consumption. Do you have any tips?
how do i get a phd?
Hi, I need to do a school report about the U.S. election system. Can you explain how presidential elections work in the United States?
How many people are on an NFL team?
How do I take care of a pet rabbit?
How do I block someone on Instagram?
What is the best time to water outdoor plants? Is it better in the morning or late at night?
Have you heard or seen American TV series the Hulk?
What type of snake is the most venous in the world?
I'm trying to remember how many children Jerry Lewis had? Seems there was a lot of strife in the family.
What is menopause?
How should I teach my son about mathematics? He's ten years old.
How do I make honey tea?
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
What are some good books on learning UX?
How can I look up a doctor's practice to see if they are still in business?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
When was the piano invented?
What are little things I can do for my husband to show I care?
What is rocket fuel made out of?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ecuadorian Ceviche?
How do I install a wired fence in my backyard?
I want to plant squash in my garden this year. Do you know what the best season is to plant them in Maryland?
If I wanted to cook a ribeye steak in a cast iron skillet, should I cook it on the stove or put it in the oven?
When writing about the smell of pizza, what do you think are some good ways to describe such
how do I build more muscle
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cuy Asado?
What is the process for signing my child up to a local tennis club?
Why do I keep sweating at night?
I want to get a motorcycle. What should I know?
Can you help walk me through on how to change a car battery?
How often should i wash my hair?
Can you help me to understand what acacia fiber is?
what are some places i can visit in detroit?
Hi, I'm pretty unfamiliar with the work of the King of Pop. Can you give me suggestions for a playlist of Michael Jackson's best, and most popular, songs?
What is a recipie for lasagna
How do I make pumpkin puree from fresh pumpkins?
Was Taylor Swift on some kind of talent show or something before she got famous?
Is it true that old pens used Squid ink?
I have heard that the moon is getting farther away from the Earth, why is this?
how do i learn to fly a kite?
I need to decide where to go on vacation
What can I make with leftover turkey?
What size tv is good for a medium sized bedroom?
What language was the holy bible originally written in?
What are some good brands of electrical cars?
Who is Nancy Pelosi?
What can I get for a fan of Mickey Mouse for a birthday present?
Who is Stone Cold Steve Austin?
Hi! I want to leave my current job but I'm not quite sure the best way to quit. Do you have any advice?
I have relatives coming over for Thanksgiving dinner, but they have strong conflicting political views. How can I keep the peace at my dinner table?
What are some good games I will enjoy if I like Minecraft?
I'm thinking about reading a new book. I love Alice Walker's work. Any suggestions?
How can I find out if I am qualified for a phone upgrade on my phone plan?
I'm trying to learn about YouTube history. Can you tell me what year the first ever YouTube video was uploaded?
Can you tell me a guide for visiting the Eiffel Tower in France?
I need to fix a slight bent in a license plate. Do you know how I can do that?
How do I follow the Atkins diet?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
Why do we usually feel tired when we oversleep?
How do I make beef and broccoli?
What date did WWII start?
What is the difference between incandescent and LED light bulbs?
Is it possible that other dimensions exist?
I want to teach my 8 year old how to swim
I'm going to France and need to learn some produce-related words in the language.
What is a bath bomb?
How do I kill weeds?
Can you teach me an easy way to remember prime numbers?
How do I enhance my sports car?
I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
I am taking a psychology class, and I have a hard time understanding the Pavlov Dog experiment. Can you explain it to me?
What are some good coworker gifts for a Christmas swap?
What is a better choice for home defense? A shotgun or a handgun?
What is geocaching and how does it work?
Why is the length of most songs about three and a half minutes?
What is the YWCA?
Was Walt Disney the original creator of Mickey Mouse?
Can you help me write a birthday card for my sister?
What are some teas that are beneficial to health?
How do I become a Lawyer?
Can you wear a knee brace all day?
How do I make a sling shot?
What is renters insurance?
What kind of hair style do you have?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Torta negra galesa?
what are some science fiction movies i can watch with my kids?
How can I cool down my mouth after eating spicy food?
What are some cold cuts I can put in my sandwich?
How can you make a spicy hamburger?
Why is it impossible to reach absolute zero?
It was suggested to me that before drafting an essay, I should prewrite. Can you guide me as to what prewriting entails?
How do I make Thanksgiving stuffing?
Is China going to build their own space station?
What are the benefits of a smart TV?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tajadas?
Is the USPS actually mentioned in the Constitution?
should i get a nanny or put my child in daycare?
What are the types of trees you can find in the state of Maryland?
I want to know ow to make a French press coffee at home.
What are some places I should visit in Missouri?
How do you make kale chips?
I need to learn some food-related words in Italian. Can you help/
Who created the Mickey Mouse character?
What is a good potato salad recipe?
I'd like to find some way to either buy waterproof shoelaces or waterproof shoelaces myself. Do you have any advice?
I'm trying to find out the composer who wrote La Boheme. Can you help?
How do I recognize email spam?
I'm thinking about building a structure with bricks. I've been considering the grout. What types of grout are there? I wonder if one's better than the other.
What are some popular Italian herbs?
I am looking to get my first credit card. Can you explain credit cards to me and what some of the important features are?
What is the warmest material they make sweaters out of?
What are hot dogs made out of?
Hi, I feel like I waste too much time during the day. How can I streamline things so that I make the best use of my time possible?
I'm trying to remember the name of my favorite disney movie
How do I plan a good Valentine's Day for my sweetheart?
How does Venmo work?
Footbed sandals seem to be great for your posture. I wonder where the technology first started?
So I just moved to a place that has a lake nearby, I have never been fishing but having the lake near me now has me wanting to try fishing as a new relaxing hobby. What are some basic things I will need to get started?
Can you tell me what happened in the Prohibition?
What are some things I can make with cream cheese?
Where's the optimal location to install a weathervane?
I just finished Schitt's Creek, which I loved, and am looking for a new show to watch. What should I watch next?
What is a good tea to go with an English Muffin?
probably not
Can you recommend me some shows that are similar to The Wire?
I want to visit Kuala Lumpur as a tourist. Please tell me about it.
I want to put together a gift basket of luxury bath products for my sister. What should I include?
What factors do you believe contributed to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential victory?
What are some expensive foods that I can order at a restaurant?
How can I help a hoarder clean up?
How do I make a peach cobbler?
I'd like to introduce my kids to the old Disney movies. Can you recommend some of the more popular Disney movies?
I wanna listen to some classical music. Can you recommend some good songs?
Do twins have a special connection?
I am trying to cut back on my alcohol consumption. Do you have any tips?
How to you get an Uber?
I have some freeze dried raspberries in my freezer and want to use them. Can you provide me with suggestions as to what meals I can use the freeze dried raspberries for?
What's the best way to make a Shepherd's Pie?
How long is a mayor's term in office?
Can you recommend a few movies I can watch with my nephew? He's an average 13 year old boy.
should i get a guinea pig or a rabbit?
I want to write a complaint letter to a company that sold me a faulty product. Can you give me guidance on how to best format this letter?
I think toilet paper is wasteful. Are there any alternatives?
I have to file taxes and I don't know where to start. Can you help me understand the steps I need to take to file my taxes?
Give me tips to better sketch landscape.
Hi, I want to start incorporating plyometric exercises into my workout, starting with push ups. Can you explain how to do a plyometric clap push up?
Are Americans allowed to travel to Cuba?
How do I get better at dribbling a soccer ball?
I have a free Amazon Prime trial that's expiring soon. What factors should I focus on when trying to decide if I should extend my membership?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nacatamal?
What does a caterer do?
How do I measure belly fat?
Should you adopt a dog from a shelter?
What are some asian dishes using broccoli?
Is wet food or dry food better for cats?
I'd like to find a show similar to Real Time with Bill Maher. Do you have any recommendations?
What happens to people who get huge hospital bills that they can't pay off?
i am in the mood to watch a movie. What would you recommend? and why?
what are some things i can cut out of my budget so that i can save for a trip?
Hey Assistant, do you have any recipes for making soap?
how can i make cranberry sauce?
If I'm severely injured, but have no insurance or ability to pay, will emergency rooms still treat me?
What is the Knights of Columbus?
Describe how to climb a flight of stairs.
What is the papparazzi?
What is Durian?
How can I reduce the risk of a stroke?
How do you rent a car?
What kind of foods should I feed my pet turtle?
Can you give me tips on how to chop firewood using an axe?
I left the car in the parking lot to get some grocery. When I came back to finally get home, for some reason I'm no longer able to get the car to start. Can you help?
how can i organize my closet better? i share with my wife.
How can I have a conversation with my friend who I feel is drifting away?
I’m trying to invest in a virtual coin?
How do I learn to jog long distances?
Can you tell me what some of the benefits are of getting regular exercise, and ways to increase exercise in my life?
What should be done to keep fruit flies away from the kitchen?
Can you help suggest a mobile game similar to one that I already play?
Which foods should I have for a charcuterie board?
How do you draw a pumpkin?
How do you negotiate your salary?
How does Paypal work?
I need to know how long it would take to travel from Maryland to Michigan by car.
Does flannel keep you warm?
How many breeds of domesticated cats are there?
How well do braces work to straighten teeth?
I just got a new job in an office and the dress code is "business casual." What kinds of clothes should I wear?
I'm having a dinner party this weekend and I don't know what to cook. What should I make?
How can I make a proper fire when out camping?
What is 2FA?
What can I buy for a model car collector?
I'm thinking about purchasing an electric vehicle. Could you please tell me some of the pros and cons of owning one?
Hey! I work in a bar, and often I work until 3am, but I'm trying to get on a better sleep schedule so that I don't sleep past 1pm so often
Could you provide me some more information on the Black Sabbath album Heaven and Hell?
Can you provide me steps on how to make deviled eggs?
What does a blue moon mean?
I'm taking a trip to Rome. Can you tell me some of the most popular landmarks and attractions to visit?
How do I learn how to read tarot Cards?
What is an eclipse?
how can i practice speech therapy at home?
Experiencing Covid symptoms
What is better for recycling tin or glass?
I need some information on how to lay tile in my bathroom
Are lovebirds good pets?
Can you tell me the differences between Japanese whiskey and bourbon whiskey?
What is involved in a pap smear?
I'm trying to make my laptop battery last longer. What can I do?
How do you stay awake when you feel tired?
How do I get my child to keep on his hat?
Hi, I'd like to learn how to do squat thrusts. Can you explain how to do one?
What are some good places to visit in Sonora, Mexico?
What is a real ID?
I want to grow a fruit indoor this year, can you give me a suggestion on an easy fruit to stary with?
What is the poison Ricin?
Can you make a living as a professional slot machine player?
How long should you boil an egg to get a runny yolk but done on the outside?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Hlalem?
How do I make a mini golf course for my backyard?
What are some artists I would like if I like Lana Del Ray?
I'm trying to get advice for somebody who is pregnant for the first time. What should I expect?
Is it dangerous to fly in a passenger jet with propellers?
I'm looking to paint the wooden fencing in my backyard. Wintertime is coming soon and I'm wondering if I can buy just any old paint, or need a special type of paint for outdoor wood.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Berenjenas en escabeche?
I like listening to The Lonely Island. They're funny rappers. Are there any other similar artists?
What is Indiegogo?
I would like to send an email saying thank you for the interview.
What can you do at a National Park?
What is the process for refinancing a home?
My son has been really sad lately because his pet goldfish died. He is too young to fully understand the concept of death. How do I explain the death of my 7-year-old's goldfish to him?
what are some things i can do in houston?
Is soccer good for kids to play?
What is the poison Ricin?
teach my child good manners at the age of three
What are relational databases?
I love planets and learning about the solar system in general. Can you tell me the similarities between Earth and Mars?
How do I reward my kids' behavior?
Do elephants speak their own language like people do?
Is it okay for my girls to watch Disney Princess movies?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Iskudheh Karis?
Does the United Stated still have colonies around the world?
I heard that corn originated from North America, is that true?
How can I paint rocks for decorations?
How do I keep my head warm in the winter?
Why do colleges put so much more resources into their sports programs than they do for academic pursuits?
What essential oils are good for depression?
Why is red the color to stop in traffic signs?
How can I make a garden on a small apartment balcony?
Where can you usually find the trunk release handle in a car?
Does Google's mission statement really say to not do evil?
i bought strawberries but they are sour. any way i can enjoy them?
I'm unsure of where to invest my money. I know very little about stocks but might be interested in learning more about them. Can you direct me on where to begin?
I'm hosting a Superbowl party this weekend and I wanted to get some good food for it. What do people enjoy eating at a Superbowl party?
Is Island of Bali an interesting place to visit?
Do men and women really think differently?
can you tell me about air fryers?
What is the How the Grinch Stole Christmas movie about?
What can I make with a Cricut?
Why See's Candies is so popular in the United States?
Can common household magnets damage electronic appliances like laptops if I accidentally leave them on the device? Why or not why?
I need to make a batch of 24 chocolate chip cookies. Can you help me?
Which coffee bean is better for a morning roast?
How can I clean a saxophone mouthpiece?
what are some good vegetarian pizza toppings?
How can I get my kids to be more open and honest with me?
Who is Rob Thomas?
Find a stuffed mushroom recipe
What does a data analyst do?
How do you make your microwave smell good?
What are some random acts of kindness?
I want to know more about Jacqueline Kennedy. Do you have any interesting facts about her?
How many different types of asteroids are there?
Do you have recipe for chocolate chip pancakes you can walk me through?
What are some good treats I can cook for my dog?
I have a problem with moths putting holes in the sweaters. How can I protect my wool from moths?
Hi, I need to find the area of a rectangle for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
What are some cool things I can do on a horse?
What are the signs of being dyslexic?
what duties should a ten year old have with our new family cat?
I need tips to make my girlfriend happy. Any ideas?
Can you run me through what "common core" math is?
Would a toy designer be a fun career?
I'm trying to learn about the various different types of pushups. Can you help me learn a bit about them?
Should you buy a cemetery plot ahead of time?
How do I get rid of cradle cap?
I'm trying to remember how many children Jerry Lewis had? Seems there was a lot of strife in the family.
I want to add Kale to my garden this year as well. Do you know what the best season is to plant Kale in Maryland?
Is the Bahamas a good place to take a vacation?
What are some good countries in Asia to bring my kids to visit?
Please write my friend a poem who is starting a new job today.
I want to go to Greece. Does it have historical sites?
How can I get rid of weeds in my lawn?
how do i set up a scavenger hunt?
How far can you keep driving a car after the low fuel light comes on?
I'm buying winter camping gear and I'd like to know whether down or synthetic sleeping bags are warmer.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bol of Cus-Cus?
Can you explain to me what sous vide cooking is?
I want to teach someone about PEMDAS. Can you describe PEMDAS to me?
I have a friend that is interested in attending mortuary school. Do you know the education and skills that are required to become a funeral director?
Why does my dog sleep all the time? Is she getting old?
How do I learn about constellations?
I'm trying to find vegan kitkats
Is there such thing as bar etiquette, and if so, can you guide me on how one should behave at a bar?
What are the requirements to be an air space controller?
How can I get a medical alert necklace for grandma?
Do you know anything about using google sheets?
What are some nice dark beers that are affordable?
How many episodes did the TV show "Friends" have?
Do you know what are harmful things one should not throw away? I know one of them are batteries
What are some good milk chocolate brands?
How does a computer CPU chip work?
What is the difference between pigeons and doves?
Search for Pink's best songs
What is a good way to mix tuna from a can for a tuna salad sandwich?
Does wheat have more Carbs than rice?
If someone uses my debit card without permission, will the bank reimburse me?
When should you change your tires?
What causes gold to be dark yellow or gold in color?
How do I get my boss at work to like me?
Can you tell me how a carbon tax credit works?
I'm thinking about learning how to play the recorder. If you got any pointers, I'm listening.
Any tips on getting up on time and avoiding snoozing?
Why should people wear a condom when they're having sex? What are the benefits but also drawbacks of this?
How long should I stay out in the sun for a tan?
Can I get twitter without advertisements?
I'm trying to learn how to play guitar. Can you recommend online classes?
What is mortgage insurance?
How can i learn to sail?
Hi, I'd like to get rich, quickly if possible. Can you give me some suggestions for making as much money as possible?
Are plastic bags or reusable bags better?
What are some easy weightlifting exercises to start with?
What are good weight lifting exercises to make my arms stronger?
Which of these are not considered a primary color on the color wheel? 1. Blue 2. Green 3. Red 4. Purple
How do I get rid of ants in my house?
Sherlock Holmes is the classic detective. I wonder how the author came up with that anti hero?
Thor is a popular myth. I've been enjoying a recent European series, Ragnarok. Do you know much about the myth of Thor?
What is the difference between incandescent and LED light bulbs?
Which Eurasian countries have special passport or Visa programs with China, for easy travel?
What are some fun activities for kids to do on Zoom with friends?
What are basic steps to change my brakes myself?
what are the benefits of dark chocolate?
How do I learn to dive from a diving board?
How do I know if a cut is infected?
What are some fun savannah animals I can teach my kids about?
Why does the sky appear to be blue?
How can I decorate a cactus for christmas?
Which cities have the best nightlife in the United States?
I want to visit an island with a good beach. Do you know of any?
Can you give me a recipe for deviled eggs?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
Is there a way to make a cat shed less?
Can you write a poem for my mom about missing her?
How are robots used in restaurants?
What is a good sized tv for a small living room?
Can you help explain to me the process of making Chapstick?
I have a brother that has a very high-stress job. I am trying to come up with some ideas on how he can manage the stress that he is feeling at work.
I'm trying to decide on what type of phone to buy next
How do I know if I have a vitamin deficiency?
Why do they charge so much money for printer ink?
Describe the events leading to Pearl Harbor
How do you measure blood pressure at home?
Who was Linda Rondstadt?
How does someone get verified on Instagram?
how much money should i save up for my kids' college funds?
I need to learn how to replace a headlight in my car.
What is the best way to store winter clothes when season is over?
What do kids need to know about outer space?
I'm gonna cook salmon and want to know what are food safety tips when cooking salmon
Can you tell me how much I'd save taking the bus versus driving to work?
How many kids are in the Brady Bunch?
What are some dishes I can make with raisins?
I want to stay at home and binge watch a tv show this weekend. My favorite show is True Blood. Can you recommend similar shows?
How can I successfully quit smoking?
What's another good band like the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Can you teach me conversions when using the metric system? Is there some simple rule to follow?
How can I forgive myself for mistakes
What is better, round toilets or elongated toilets?
I want to know what BMW (a car brand) stands for?
I need to know how to make a mojito.
Can you help me with some dinner ideas that I can make in a slow cooker?
What do I feed my goats?
How do I help a family member stop drinking?
how do i keep mosquitoes from biting me when i am asleep?
What are some essential tools that I should have at home?
I'm going to Madrid and need to learn some basic Spanish.
How can I keep my dark clothes from fading when I wash them?
What can i do with leftover ham?
How do I make fried chicken?
I need to get a suit tailored more to fit me better, but I've never done it before and have no idea what my first steps are. Can you help?
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
How do I teach a child to float on their back?
What are icy dwarf planets primarily composed of?
How often should you water a large cactus?
I'm trying to learn more about brown bears in the United States, can you provide me some information on them?
Sometimes cold air comes from around my door. What can I do to avoid that?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
Can you recommend a good inexpensive table wine to serve with turkey?
Pulp Fiction is a great movie, although it has problems too. I'd love to discuss how it was formed, and directed.
Which bands are similar to Cage the Elephant?
Do you know of any ways to help delay a jackolantern from rotting?
What is the purpose of agave nectar in a cocktail?
Do Police really have a quota of how many tickets they have to write?
I'm trying to learn more about the country of Kenya.
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
How do I get certified in food preparation?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tagine?
Why do people in Europe travel by train so much
Is vicks vapo rub really good for relieving congestion for adults?
Search for a butterscotch cake recipe
How do I remove a wax from my wax melter?
What is a grimoire?
What items should I bring when going camping?
How do you slice tomato into neat, clean slices?
How do I get over a cold quickly?
What is the advance child tax credit?
Could you help me learn how to build a bench for my garden?
what are some good dance classes for kids?
What kind of requirements are needed for land travel between the US and Mexico?
how do i get my kids to save up some of their money instead of using it all
Who discovered Michael Jordan?
What is blockchain is simple terms?
what are some fun xbox games for multiplayer?
Hi, some neighborhood kids want me to play tag with them, and I haven't done that since I was a kid. Can you explain the rules of the game to me?
Can I make my own flying kite?
I need to hire a lawyer to sue someone for copyright infringement, but I've never dealt with layers before and don't know who to reach out to first. Can you offer me any recommendations? I'm in Las Vegas, Nevada.
What news station has the most reliable news?
How do I recycle my plastic bottles for redemption value?
What are some basic skills a ten year old should have for a computer?
What equipment will I need for skydiving?
What is the oldest tree in the world?
Search for a rhubarb bar recipe
I have a young child that is struggling to read. How can I teach a child to read?
what can i do if my child wants a dog but isn't ready for the responsibility?
What are some interesting bagel toppings?
Is Miami a good place to take a vacation?
Do you know anything about the salem witch trials?
What is a good flower that can be gifted on Valentine's Day?
What is the number one candy bar in the US?
How do I safely use a nail gun?
Can you play GTA on a mobile phone now?
Can you tell me the cooking time for a cut of beef in the oven?
What year was Logitech founded?
How do I have a successful ebay auction?
How do I heal from family trauma so that I can break cycles and become my highest self
Search for Brendan Frasier movies.
What are some ways to make a quesadilla?
Help me find some Mario Nintendo 64 games to play
Can you help me learn how to make a strudel from scratch?
How do I stop a two year old from biting her friends?
What are foods I can cook with bacon grease?
How do I become a transcriptionist?
Are revolvers really more reliable than semi-automatic handguns?
Is rugby hard to learn?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for chimichurri?
I'm about to head to Florida tonight specifically Orlando. How far of a drive is it from my location in Virginia?
Can you tell me about how Japan managed to recover from getting nuked? How long did it take? Did America help?
What is kraut?
What are the keyboard shortcuts to copy and paste?
Can you recommend some Christmas music?
What does a first responder do?
Search for Martin sheen movies
What does the grocery store do with all the expired food they have every month.
What are different prosthetics I can get?
What are the side effects of a tummy tuck?
How do you keep from getting depressed?
I'm planning on going on a camping trip for one week in Scotland in the summer. Can you give me some advice about what to carry with me?
Can you tell me how mobile video games use micro transactions for their main revenue?
What time should kids go to bed?
Can I keep a sea turtle?
How can I make my own jigsaw puzzle?
Where is the best place to go shopping when visiting Japan?
Michelangelo's David, is a stunning piece of work. I had heard that it might have been carved from a single piece of marble. Do you know much about the statue and its history?
How many years of study would it take the average person to go from knowing only basic algebra to calculus?
Are the Japanese and the Koreans of the same descent?
I'm interested in recent Chinese propaganda movies like Wolf Warrior and The Battle at Lake Changjin. Are you aware of these movies, and if so, why are they considered propaganda?
What is incorrect about this sentence: The boy running past the library too quickly.
Help me find some Mario Nintendo 64 games to play
How can I set food out for wild deer to eat?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Deruni?
Where do car companies get the idea for the colors they use on new cars?
What can I get as a present for a ten year old who loves to write?
Tell me how to cook a sunny side up egg
Why do some countries drink a lot of coffee and others tea?
Please tell me about The Battle of Waterloo.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Speedy Indomie Mi Goreng Noodles?
Describe a light year to a fifth grader
What is a white elephant gift?
What are some ways that I could help comfort someone who has lost a pet recently?
Can you help compare the price travel for a trip to the Caribbean to a trip to Las Vegas?
Where are Red Pandas from?
How do you get into programming?
I'm looking for some music to add to my playlist. Can you suggest anything? I like rock, pop and country.
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
What kind of gasses are gas giants are made out of?
I'd like to find a show similar to Real Time with Bill Maher. Do you have any recommendations?
The faucet in my bathroom is dripping, can you help me fix it?
What kind of flowers can survive well in the winter months?
What are some good Nickelodeon shows for tweens?
What are the benefits of consuming bananas?
How can I prepare for an interview?
How does the brain work?
I am looking to get a divorce and would like to know how to set things in motion. Can you help?
What is your name?
I'm looking for some video game recommendations. I'd like a fun FPS game for the PC, do you know any?
What is the weather like in canada
What does a CEO do?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
I was thinking about looking at a few pieces of new art. Do you have any artwork from Impressionists that you recommend?
Does it ever rain in the desert?
What are places to visit in Hong Kong?
How do I cook crab?
Can you tell me what index funds are popular for investing in tech stocks?
What is an elevator pitch?
Can you give me some pointers on how to kayak?
how do i make a patchwork quilt?
What are some of the healthiest fruits to add to a smoothie?
What should I do if my car gets stuck in the mud?
Search for a peach pie recipe
How did the hamburger become such a popular fast food meal in the USA?
Andrew Johnson was impeached in 1868. What did he do?
What are some fun souvenirs to bring back from mexico?
What happened at the Alamo?
Do you think you can help me learn how to build a fire pit?
What should I do if I feel something is in my eye? Can I flush it out?
What can I do to help my company become more environmentally conscientious?
I'm thinking about learning how to play the recorder. If you got any pointers, I'm listening.
Can you give me a recipe for sponge cake?
How do I take crisper looking photos?
How do I teach someone to do long division
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to look up on the internet? Why?
I was looking for a tune from the band Queen, can you recommend one?
How can I remember to drink more water throughout the day?
Please give me a recipe for grilled cheese sandwich.
What is the main transportation in the Philippines?
Do you need to have some kind of anti-virus on cell phones like you do computers?
What does Semper Paratus mean?
Can you tell me why some court cases need a jury, but others are decided by just a judge?
I have an older car and I want to increase it's fuel efficiency while boosting the horsepower. Is there any way I can achieve both?
I'd like to make food to freeze for the week. What are some meals that can be frozen for later?
I am looking for a good chocolate cookie recipe.
How do I make a pineapple upside down cake?
What are some good side dishes to go with chicken?
How do you clean your air conditioner?
Can you give me a recipe and some tips for fettucine alfredo?
How can I make pancakes from scratch?
What is considered the most effective form of birth control, commercially available? It seems that birth control pills, condoms, vasectomies, are tops in the list.
What are some accessories for baby dolls I can buy?
How do I become a university professor?
I need a movie recommendation
How can I paint a sunset with watercolors?
What are signs and symptoms that someone is a narcissist?
Was the US Air Force originally part of the US Army?
What is the most famous Christmas Movie?
I want to buy a sports car. Which ones are the best?
Any ideas to fight insomnia?
I need to write about the characteristics of living organisms, can you list some?
Find Neil Diamond best songs
What should I do if I have a nose bleed?
Find Drew Barrymore movies
I'm craving a salsa! Do you have a recipe you can provide me for salsa verde?
I want to become a chess master. How do I get good at chess?
How can I find out about my ancestors?
My hair is starting to get thinner. Is there any way to slow this down so I don't go bald?
What is a good christmas gift for someone wanting to get into a new hobby?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
My home heating is broken and it's gonna take a few days for it to get fixed. It's pretty cold though. What are some practical ways to stay warm?
Have you ever told a lie?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pepes Ikan?
What are some of the best power metal bands?
How do you avoid facial wrinkles?
What is a very healthy exercise for people over 50?
I would like to find some good mobile games to play for my commute.
I would like to watch a romantic comedy movie. Can you please suggest five movies for me to watch?
Why is Buddhism so similar to Jainism?
How do I get to be more calm and clear during an argument to effectively argue my point?
What kind of food can I make with regular deli ham?
I've got a mole on my back and I'm wondering if it's cancerous. Is there any way for me to tell?
What is the oldest book known to man?
How do I increase my vocabulary?
What is the weather going to be like for the next week?
Before taking on a leadership position at work, I would like to know the cons. I already knows the pros. So I want to know what are the cons of being a leader at work?
If you dropped a penny and a tennis ball from a hot air balloon, which would hit the ground first?
How do I become a doctor?
My friends never seem to want to talk or hang out with me. Why do you think this is?
what are some hearty soups for winter?
What is Christine in the book & movie by Stephen King.
How does a country that is currently experiencing high inflation rates, recover from it? What does the government need to do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Paigu Fan?
Can you list common dog behaviors when the dog is anxious?
I need to do a factory reset on the computer. Can you help me figure out the steps I must take? It's a Surface Go.
How can I thaw frozen meat quickly?
How do I place an ad in a newspaper
What is the VFW?
I would like to learn more about the origins of the tooth fairy.
How do I roast vegetables?
Do you know any Mexican recipes?
Hi, I need to learn how to make pie charts for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
I wanna learn how to do a pull up
I need some advice on how to make a broccoli rice and cheese casserole
I'm thinking about getting a smartphone, do you think it's a good idea?
What are some of Jack Nicholson's best movie performances?
How do you get a mortgage?
I am thinking of starting a business but I am unsure what to do. What 3 business ideas would you suggest? and why?
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
What are some sides for turkey?
I have an old blood stain on my jeans, is there a way to remove it?
Can you help me understand how viruses reproduce?
Is it okay for my kids to play Among Us?
Assistant, I'm feeling pretty down today.
Are there any ways to reduce the itch from a mosquito bite?
what was the fastest pitch ever thrown from a baseball pitcher
Who is Barbie?
how do i open a bottle without a bottle opener?
Why do people in the US only use cows milk instead of animals that have milk?
Help me with ordering for shoe size online.
Are calico cats mean?
Find a nacho supreme recipe
Do you think NFT's will become more popular in 2022?
What are some good tools to help a baby to walk?
Can you tell me how to find a good US college for studying astronomy?
Hi, I'd like to figure out someone else's IP address. Any idea how I do that?
Is it hard to become a medical and health services manager?
How do I make a simple Japanese curry?
Why did the motion picture industry set up camp in Hollywood, California?
What should I do if I get caught up in a human stampede?
How can I get myself to reduce my soda consumption?
How do I train a puppy?
On what day is Hanukah and who celebrates it?
How do I get my baby to stop standing up in her high chair?
Can you help me in identifying the best music streaming service?
What is a good microphone to buy for a home recording?
What are places to visit in Seattle?
Can you help with resolving a conflict in a relationship? If two people often argue, is it better to move on, or try to resolve it?
What is hospice?
How do you get good credit?
what do i do at work when someone makes a racist joke?
I love the singer Idina Menzel, but I've only heard a few songs from her. Can you recommend me some music from Idina Menzel?
I would like to find some good mobile games to play for my commute.
My dad is 78 years old and we're not sure if he should get a covid booster shot or not, since both covid and the booster shot present risks for someone in his age range. Do you have any advice?
How can I prepare for an interview?
How does venture capital differ from business loans?
Can you tell me how I can keep my antique books in good condition?
Of things that get stolen and the police are called, how likely is it you will get the stolen item returned to you?
I'm trying to write a Christmas story
What are Nielsen ratings?
My friend, a Muslim, went to Mecca last year. What is Mecca?
Whats the best career for those that love to work with their hands?
How can I make a faucet look streak free?
Do you know any jokes that are suitable for kids?
Can you give me a recipe for almond tofu?
Pulp Fiction is a great movie, although it has problems too. I'd love to discuss how it was formed, and directed.
Are artificial sweeteners better for the body than regular sugar?
How can I save leftover bacon grease?
I'm trying to get inspired to workout and I want to put together a workout playlist. Do you have any suggestions?
I've heard a lot of interesting things about psychedelic experiences and I'm curious about having a psychedelic experience myself. Are psychedelics illegal in the United States?
Can I keep a cactus indoors?
Besides owning a farm, what was Jimmy Carter's career before he went into politics?
what are some vegetables to put in a potato salad?
What would be a good musical instrument for a child of 10 to learn?
What is the short game?
how can I learn guitar for beginners
What do I teach kids about stranger danger?
What are tips to finish reading a book in a month?
I think I may be allergic to my dog. My nose gets plugged real bad at night. Would a good HEPA filter do any good?
What are believed to be the historical origins of vampire myths?
Can you give me a recipe for angel food cake?
I feel unhealthy and I need some advice on how to feel healthy please
What is the humidity level today?
What is the best way to keep track of all of my bills?
I started working night shift so I have to sleep during the day. But it's noisy and bright out. What can I use to get better sleep?
What is the quickest way to get rid of a pimple?
How can I use Google docs at work?
What safety gears should you wear if you ride a bicycle in low light or low visibility condition?
How can I dry clothes faster without a dryer?
I would like to learn how mayonnaise is made can you help me?
How do I remove bathroom tile?
Can you tell me popular theaters to visit in Paris?
what do you know about 'the firmament'?
Can you recommend some ways to propose marriage to my girlfriend?
How can I feed squirrels and make more come to my home?
Can I eat cottage cheese like yogurt?
Why doesn't the bible have page numbers like other books?
I am close to getting a new job and will need to negotiate salary. Do you know how I can become better at negotiating?
Natalie Woods was a fantastic actress. Robert Wagner seems to have potentially murdered her. What's the story around her death?
When was the first Disney World park established?
I would like to know if cannabis is legal to consume in the state of Maryland.
What are some tips for learning how to type faster?
Did Carly Simon ever share who the real identity was, of the person she sung about, in the song, "You're so Vain" - it was a big mystery.
Where does the smoky flavor on barbeque meat come from?
Hi, I recently inherited my dad's Winchester 1300 shotgun. How do I load it, and what kind of ammunition do I need for it?
How can I mix paints?
When will the new version of Doctor Strange be released?
Who was the best basketball player?
what are some hannah barbara cartoons?
I'd like to attract more birds to my backyard. Is there anything I can do to make the environment more welcoming for them?
what are some fun activities i can plan for a company picnic?
Which country has the most historic museums?
I need to teach a child the meaning of exponential notation
Please tell me more about Facebook. My friends are encouraging me to open an account.
How do I safely remove a beehive?
I'm trying to find out what breeds of dogs have a good temperament. What's an easy going dog?
I saw a man stopped on the side of the road and he was bending down beside his car. What do you think he was doing?
Do dreadlocks have a meaning?
Are cotton sheets, or silk sheets, warmer to sleep under?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
Is accounting a good career choice?
How do I stop from misplacing my phone?
I'm trying to learn about the four spheres of the Earth. Can we start by you listing them and then we can further get into them?
I've been hearing a lot about Gen Z but I have no idea what the term refers to. Can you help explain?
How can I help someone who is dealing with a panic attack?
How do I dry parsley?
If I want to legally hunt deer in my state (Wisconsin), what do I need to do?
Could a person live off the grid relatively simply, with just a few thousand dollars? I've often wondered if living in the woods cut off from society, might be an option.
Search for scalloped potatoes recipe
Can you recommend some delicious vegan recipes?
what do i do about a small crack in a glass table?
What are some fruits to aid in digestion for baby?
How do you keep towels from stinking up?
Search for a cranberry bundt cake
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Frijoles?
I'm curious, which animal do you think would win in a fight: a jaguar or a coyote?
what are some good office clothes for women?
what are some fun christmas decorations for outside my house?
What company developed the game The Last of Us?
What precious metals are expected to go up in value the most next year?
How do I roast vegetables?
I am writing a report on bees for school, can you tell me how they make honey?
What should I write to my friend in their yearbook?
What can I see in Los Angeles? Is it far away from Hollywood?
How do you make salsa?
How many planets are there?
I'm traveling to Chile to go hiking in patagonia. I'm composing a list of things to pack. Can you help me brainstorm things that I might forget otherwise?
I'd like to find some ways to help strengthen my core. Do you know any?
How do I cook scallops?
Who was the first documented serial killer in the united states?
Can you give me a recipe for deviled eggs?
What time of the year can I start seeing groundhogs come out of hibernation?
When writing a company description, what should I include in the description?
How can my uncle get his glucose more stable?
Can you give me a rundown of what caused the Great Depression?
What are some toys I can get my kids to help them exercise?
I was reading an article that said in 2004 scientists were worried an asteroid called apophis will hit Earth. Is that a possibility?
Can you explain how to braid hair?
What types of fruit trees can I plant in my garden that can handle cold winters?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Semmelknödel?
How do I learn to jazz dance?
Can you train a dog to only go the bathroom in one part of the yard?
What is the worst way to die?
Hi, assistant
I'm having problems with my mental health. What are some tips to help better my mental health?
Should I play the lottery
Are taxis or ubers better?
Hi! I want to learn more about New York City. Can you tell me some cool facts about New York City?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ela Batu?
I am going to replace the bathroom sink faucet in my house, but I have never done a faucet replacement before. What do I need to know to get this project done right?
What is a millennial?
If my child is bullied should she be homeschooled?
Can you teach me how to play chess?
Where is a close pharmacy nearby Bay Ridge Brooklyn?
How do I build my own web Paige?
How can I tell the difference between a bluray disc and a dvd disc?
How do I stay calm if I have to identify a body?
Why do I see some houses with really steep roofs and some that are almost flat?
What causes men to go bald?
I got grease stain on my shirt. Is there any way to remove it?
I've found the carvings of Michelangelo to be so profound and amazing. What are some of his most famous statues?
Hi, I have some DVD folders on my computers, and I'd like to convert them into smaller, single files, that any device can play. Can you explain how to do that?
Can you help me figure out how to get wine stains out of a shirt?
Who was better? The Monkees or the Beatles
What are some fun things to do in Las Vegas?
How do I improve vocabulary in a foreign language?
What happens when you lose something?
Is there a certain way that firewood should be stacked for storage?
Are men and women really different when it comes to emotions?
Who did Jerry Lee Lewis marry?
I have been having a hard time sleeping lately and I don't know how to correct the situation. I wake up during the night and can't fall back asleep or I take hours to fall asleep at night. It's very frustrating.
Can you help me to learn when slavery began in the USA?
Can I become a doctor if I'm squeamish?
be more romantic with my wife who seem cold as of late
Do you have any helpful tips to make a steak super tasty?
Do you have any tips for how I can sing better?
Search for ham and cheese quiche recipe
How come Europeans use different plugs than Americans?
how do i feel confident to dance in front of others?
I buy latter every morning from my local Starbucks store. I spend a lot of money. I want to know the history of Starbucks.
Did Volkswagen ever fix that problem they had with cheating smog checks?
How do I make my own carbonated drinks?
How does a VPN work?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mthawem?
How do you solder two wires together?
What year did the PlayStation launch in North America?
I buy latter every morning from my local Starbucks store. I spend a lot of money. I want to know the history of Starbucks.
How can I get into the habit of exercising?
How do you avoid facial wrinkles?
I wanna figure out if I should own a front load washer or a top load washer. Can you describe the similarities and differences of them?
I have some young teenage children and was wondering what are some good first jobs for a teen?
Why were there only 3 channels on TV back in the old days?
What are alternatives to turkey on thanksgiving?
which team won the most NBA championships?
My boyfriend is a big sports fan. What are some gift ideas to help him cheer for his favorite team?
It's the festive times and I am in the mood for a festive drink! I am fine with either an alcoholic or non alcoholic beverage, as long as it is festive. Do you have any ideas of how I can make such a drink, or a recipe for one?
What are some good Nintendo 64 games for kids?
How do you remove a phone's back plate?
Are potatoes ok to eat if you are diabetic?
Can you help me learn about detox juices?
How can I make spring roll wrappers?
I'm curious about football heroes. What are some of the top football stars in American football?
What are some of the health benefits of cold showers are.
Do you have any suggestions where I can see Egrets in the US?
find a game that has a open environment where you can roam the world
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dukkah?
I'm trying to declutter my life and clean out some of the seemingly endless boxes of keepsakes, mementos, and assorted detritus which have piled up in the garage, attic, closets, etc. But when I do attempt to start wading through the stuff, I become sentimental and have a hard time throwing ANYTHING away. Then I just end up putting it all back and still feeling cluttered and frustrated.
Which economists have most influenced US policy in the 21st century?
What currency does France use?
How do you preorder something?
How large was the Titanic?
I have just burned myself while cooking and need some advice relative to treating it. Can you provide me with some information about steps to take for faster healing?
What are some good brands of tequila?
I'm trying to cut back on sugar. What are some healthier alternatives to sugar?
What are some some ways in which Mercury could be removed from the ocean?
The Bechdel test is one that many movies fail. Do you know much about the test itself?
What are games like tag my kids could play?
Can you list books I could read to learn about the industrial revolution
When was Folgers coffee established?
Veterans Day was celebrated recently. I wonder what the history of that holiday is?
What's the ideal climate temperature for a human being?
What is a fun card game?
How can you make cheese at home?
What are some of Natalie Portman's best movies?
Do you know of any brain exercises that can help improve memory?
Can you tell me about what happened at the Battle of Agincourt?
I've heard that smoking cannabis, offers a different effect, than eating cannabis. Do you know much about that?
Are owls stronger than Eagles?
Were old pencils really made out of lead?
Can you tell me how a pension is used for retirement planning?
How do I uninstall a program from my computer?
Where did rodeo clowns come from?
What can I do about a runny nose?
Have the Detroit Redwings won any Stanley Cups?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Urad Dal?
What caused world war 2?
Can you recommend me some trip hop? I heard a little bit of the genre and it sounded pretty cool.
How do I train for a marathon?
I'm trying to decide what to do for my birthday in my area
I have an old car that I want to sell. What are my options for that?
How long was the bronze age?
Is cable television worth paying for?
How do I iron a sharp crease on my slacks?
I am writing about global issues and have a general idea of many issues. However, it's very generalized and I need examples of issues within the main issue. For example, when it comes to global issues related water, what are some issues related to that?
I need some advice. My cat excessively begs for food. We took her to the vet and she is in good health. She is 17 years old. Her meows get louder and louder and more frequent. They begin moments after she has finished her food.
I'm thinking about suing a company because the product they sent me wasn't what was advertised. Where can I look up consumer laws?
How can I treat wind burn?
What brands of cereal have whole grains in them?
How can I get started with coin collecting?
Would a race car driver instructor be a fun career?
I want to get into a new yoga style. I'm thinking about Ashtanga yoga, can you tell me more about it?
Can you tell me who wrote Harry Potter?
Is Veteran's Day a federal holiday?
I'm visiting the tropics and I'd like to go snorkeling in coral reefs to see fish, but I've never done it before. What equipment do I need?
Thor is a popular myth. I've been enjoying a recent European series, Ragnarok. Do you know much about the myth of Thor?
What is a late fee on a credit card and how do you avoid them?
Is there a maximum age to join the National Guard?
what are some good korean SUVs?
What does a defense lawyer do?
I'm wanting to grow peas in my garden this year, do you know what the best time would be to plant them in Maryland?
Where can I donate my old clothes?
How do I train my dog not to jump up excitedly at people?
What are some side dishes to make with roast beef?
Why do people even think they can win the lottery?
Today, I am craving a caesar salad! Would you be able to provide with me a recipe for anchovy vinaigrette, or a general idea of how to make the vinaigrette?
What are the basics to learning the accordion?
What is a full body exercise that I can do without weights?
What should I do about a disruptive neighbor?
I want to discuss my favorite actor, Tom Hanks. Do you know who he is?
I want to learn the origin of Statue of Liberty. Can you help me?
If you were hungry and wanted to eat a good breakfast. what would you eat? and why?
How do I fix a small leak in the roof?
What year was the Nintendo 64 invented?
What documents are needed to drive across the US, Mexico border from the US into Mexico?
How do you observe a solar eclipse without specialize equipment so you don't get blinded by the sunlight?
When collecting key information when writing an essay, what questions and answers should I make sure are answerable through my essay?
What is an eclipse?
Hey! I procrastinated Christmas shopping so now I desperately need help planning last minute Christmas gifts
I have to write a narrative essay. What does that mean?
I have an infection and I'm coughing up green phlegm. What are these symptoms of?
Can you make falafel without Tahini?
When was Verizon established?
Is turkey safe to eat for my cat?
What is the legislative branch of the United States?
What's a good way to make communities stronger following a disaster?
How much money should I save in an emergency fund?
Post covid pandemic, my employer has offered me the option to continue working in the office or work remotely from home. What are the pros and cons of working from home?
What country has the highest rate of alcohol consumption?
What superheroes might I like if I like Incredible Hulk?
Can you help me find music similar to Ludovico Einaudi piano music?
Search for peanut butter banana smoothie
What are Siamese twins?
I want to propose to my girl friend, what do I need to know about selecting a ring?
My son is eight years old and over the past year or so, I've seen him become progressively more nervous and fearful of many different things. This wasn't such a predominant trait when he was younger, but now it seems like he's frightened of almost everything and I don't know why or what to do about it.
I always wanted to play guitar.
I'm trying to get some help with dealing with sudden depression.
What kitchen waste can be use for composting?
Do you think employers look at college grades when considering us for positions? Or do they just care about whether or not we graduated?
Is there much point to cleaning a fridge?
Does sterling silver have a special marking?
How do I marry someone who lives in another country?
How can I improve my penmanship?
What do the people in the Army reserves do?
Teach my dog ways to tell me she needs to go potty.
Can you recommend me similar movies to The Mummy (1999), Jungle Cruise and Pirates of the Caribbean?
Find Michael Jackson songs
How do I fix a running toilet?
Can you help me learn more about the Gulf War?
I'd like to get a corn snake. Can you tell me about owning one?
What if I never feel satiated?
What is a root canal?
I've been captivated by the Portrait of Madame X, a painting by John Singer Sargent. Do you know much about it?
Why do people like to play Bingo?
What should you say to a friend when their mom has died?
How do I take care of a gila monster?
How do I know if I am hard of hearing?
What do I do about hay fever?
What are some good uses for vanilla extract?
I’m feeling down and depressed about myself. Can you help me think of ways to cheer up and feel more confident?
The Simpsons has been running for a long time. It has also been able to predict a few things from the future. Can you give me some examples?
I'm trying to put together trays of Christmas cookies to give as gifts. What are the most popular Christmas cookies?
Are there are any herbs that help to get rid of headaches?
Are hot wheels collectible?
What is the largest river in the world?
I'm curious about the practice of cremation. For human remains. When did that practice become popular in the United States?
Should people really stay devoted to bad family members?
I've been investing in some stocks over the last year and have never done taxes with investment profits. What is the tax percent on capital gains?
How do put lights on the roof of my home for Christmas?
What are some pros and cons of advancing technology?
Gosh that would be terrible.
How do I make a gluten-free cheesecake?
What caliber gun is attributed to most most fatalities in the USA?
I'm trying to learn how to take care of a cactus
What are some fun flavors of cheesecake I can make?
I'm interested in recent Chinese propaganda movies like Wolf Warrior and The Battle at Lake Changjin. Are you aware of these movies, and if so, why are they considered propaganda?
I am writing a story and would like some help. is that ok?
Can you give me some cocktail ideas that use apple cider?
My friend bought me an original Super Mario Brothers game for the NES. Can you tell me how that game was reviewed when it first came out in 1985?
Why don't they let students wear hats in school?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
How do I become a better nature photographer?
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
What can I do while waiting for my flight?
Which president of the US won by the least votes
Is there a way to train yourself to open your eyes underwater? Or are you born with it.
How can I learn how to speed read?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Saleeg?
Can you help me with the differences between race and ethnicity?
Hi, I'd like to work on my front deltoid. Can you give me some examples of exercises that are good for that, preferably with weights, and explain how to perform them?
Do you think California will outlaw internal combustion engines?
Hello, how are you?
What is Homeland Security?
I want to know the order of the planets in the solar system, starting with the planet nearest the sun.
I'm trying to encrypt work folders on my mac because I'm sending my computer in for servicing. How do I do this?
Is it easier to fly a helicopter or an airplane?
What are some of the best thriller movies of all time?
How can I become a tour guide?
Get a chocolate cupcake recipe
What type of tea leaves is suitable for making milk tea?
Can you describe to me characteristics of Amber colored eyes? For example, physical characteristics and where the eye color is frequently found.
how can i get my kids to wake up for school?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Wambatu Moju?
What is a good streaming music site for playing Christmas music?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nasi Kuning?
How do I get myself to drink more water?
Looking for Sarah Michelle Gellar movies
Can you give me a recipe for strawberry cheesecake?
What is certified mail?
Can you tell me what video game company developed the game Borderlands 2?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tastira?
I'd like to learn how to safely ride a motorcycle. Do you have any motorcycle safety tips?
Why am I not as hungry in my 40s
Can you explain how people hot wire cars?
What does LTE mean?
Can you tell me how to caramelize onions?
Please tell me about Buddha.
How can I differentiate the difference between the footprints of a dog and a feline in the wild? For example, a wolf or a mountain lion?
What do I do if a cat bites me?
How many years of training does it take, to get good at playing the piano?
How do you become an extra in movies?
How do you cash a personal check?
How do I make a fish pond?
Do you know any good hair masks?
What are ways to meditate before bed?
What are some cute hairstyles for girls?
Why do we use a 7 digits for a telephone numbers?
What year was Bill Clinton the president?
How do I teach science in a hands on way?
Who started the Muppets?
How do I make Mexican carne asada tacos?
I'm a single mom with two jobs and I feel I can't handle it anymore. What can I do?
What does the saying, education is wasted on the youth mean?
How can I divide ferns?
I'd like to start scuba diving lessons. Can you recommend a good place to take lesson and to do some scuba diving?
What are the best books written by Fyodor Dostoevsky?
My child just lost her first tooth and she's expecting a gift from the tooth fairy.
Can there be any wild horse found in the United States?
How can I learn to make wine at home?
How many teams are in Major League Soccer?
What is the benefit of having a V-12 engine in your car?
Hello, I am trying to imagine what the future will look like in 100 years. What do you think transport will look like?
How do you write a song?
Can you get a free credit report?
What is the Statue of Liberty?
I'm moving to a new town for work. Any suggestions on how to make new friends as an adult?
What are the most popular places to visit in New York City?
What are atoms?
I'm curious about listening to different tunes. What are some big hits from the B-52s?
Who has won the most Olympic gold medals of all time?
I want to track my calorie intake. How can I do that?
I was reading an article that said in 2004 scientists were worried an asteroid called apophis will hit Earth. Is that a possibility?
Can you explain how ventriloquists talk without opening their mouths?
What are some ideas for a Christmas party?
What is the best sale phone for sale right now?
How do I keep lips from getting chapped?
How do I get my child to get faster at addition facts?
How do I know a child is ready for a tricycle?
Hello, I am trying to find tickets to the Adele concert in London. Can you help?
Find Jonah Hill movies
Why do some people have an intolerance to lactose?
How does trash in the ocean disappear?
I’m trying to understand inference. Where should I look?
I want to make a perfect egg omelet. Can you help me?
Which president of the US served more than two terms?
Can you show me a recipe for stuffed shells?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sop Buntut?
How do you keep mosquitoes away?
How should I organize my closet?
Please tell me about Fidelity Investment company.
How many cups of coffee should I drink a day?
Is mining for any material still done in England?
My pet cat keeps running away, what should i do?
I'm looking to take my family on a vacation somewhere in Central America. Which countries are the most family-friendly and have a good relationship with the US so it is safe for its citizens?
Birds sure make a lot of noise. Why do they learn to mimic sounds like that?
I'm curious, in cold weather, which fabric keeps you warmer? Wool, polyester?
I want to make blueberry pancakes for my children. Do you have a good recipe?
Is there any hair treatment to make my hair really look thicker?
Can you help me understand the rules of football?
I'm curious what the most popular color of hair dye is, in the United States. Red head, or blonde?
How do I get over guilt?
Is it dangerous to fly in a passenger jet with propellers?
How do I treat salmonella poisoning?
What are some common socket sizes in metric?
What do I do if someone gets electric shock?
Is it true that cockroaches are extremely resistant to radiation?
how do i stop my kids from saying bad words?
What is false advertising?
I want to write a Sonnet, can you help me?
Can you tell me the basic things that Republicans believe in? What are their general political positions on topics?
What are some of the negative effects of raising minimum wage?
I love caesar salads and want to make one at home. Can you give me a recipe?
What are some foods I can put zucchini in?
Can you suggest any popular Tim Allen movies that are comedies?
Can you describe how to flip a coin?
What is a compost pile?
I'm trying to learn more about Natalie Wood. I saw her movie, the West Side Story last weekend. I enjoyed it very much.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Appa?
Find Burt Reynolds movies
Can kids learn pickleball easily?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Agurkesalat?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
Who was the first pope?
How do I record my mobile phone screeen?
is spanking acceptable?
How can I reduce my risk of being in an auto accident
How often should I get a check up with my general doctor?
Can you link me a recipe for edible brownies?
Can you recommend some Japanese horror movies?
Is horseback riding a good activity for kids?
What is tofu's main ingredient?
Who invented Ice cream?
How can I learn about stocks?
Pleases tell me how to make butter cookies.
Who did Eric Clapton marry?
I have a mild cold with a persistent cough and sore throat. How can I ease my symptoms?
is there a point in having a physical photo album anymore?
Why do Republicans want to get rid of the Department of Education?
Can you explain how an electrical circuit works?
What is the official bird of Louisiana
Hi, I'm interested in doing reverse bicep curls to target my forearms. Can you describe how to perform this exercise using a barbell?
What things will a novice oil painter need to get started making oil paintings?
I'm going to Russia and need to learn how to say certain points of interest.
What are some good ways for senior citizens to stay fit and healthy?
How do you open the built-in help in Windows 10?
How do you pack a box correctly to ship?
I'd like to learn how to make my own app.
I need to learn a common phrase in a few languages. Can you help me?
What are some of the best forms of exercise for the body?
I want to learn more about the stock market. I know what NYSE is.
Is Austria a good place to take a vacation?
Is a truck driver a good career?
My best friends are in a fight and it is putting stress on our friend group. How can I help them see through their disagreement?
How are golf balls made?
I'm trying to make an apple pie. Can you help me?
How do I remove popcorn ceiling?
Should you buy a case to protect your cell phone?
If military time is so much better, why doesn't everyone use it?
I'm trying to write a Christmas story
I have to write a narrative essay. What does that mean?
Is a registered nurse a good career?
How do you breakup with someone>
My son has just gone to high school but he is really nervous. HOw can I help him>
What time should kids go to bed?
How do you take your coffee?
What can I do on Easter Island?
I think my cat is bored. Are there any games or toys that will keep it occupied?
I want to visit Egypt. What is it famous for?
What is a good Bible version for kids?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rakfisk?
I'm trying to learn more about the movie Silence of the Lambs, could you help me?
What are some movies that are similar to Alien?
What are some common socket sizes in metric?
What tools can I use to cut through sheet metal like steel?
How can I tell if an essay or article is reliable? What makes it have good credentials?
How do I keep my baby from getting in the cabinets?
Can you write my grandma a birthday poem?
How long does an OttLite bulb last?
How far away is japan?
The Breakfast Club was a great movie. I'm curious about the making of the movie. Like how long it took, if people had thoughts about the production?
What is a good dog for a watchdog?
what are some stores i might like if i like old navy?
What is the best way to make a grocery list?
Can you help me make some chocolate chip cookies?
Hi! I'm trying to plan a family holiday party, but I've never hosted before so I'm not quite sure what's necessary
Find Metallica songs
What help can a person get with finding food if they have no money?
Is the Republican Party a bunch of racists and bigots?
Moses seemed to be a pretty important character in the Bible. What is the general story of what Moses did, the myth and fact perhaps?
what are some sweet things to call my child?
I want to learn how to play the guitar. Can you suggest some good tutorials to get me started?
How can I tell when cookies are done?
what cute things can i make out of clay?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Red Red?
What is the musical, Phantom of the Opera, about, plot wise?
I want to find a new book to read.
I got a crockpot for my birthday, but I'm not sure how to use it. What is a crockpot good for?
I'm thinking about getting a pet duck, do you know if this is legal in the states of Maryland?
Can you tell me how to legally change my name?
Can you teach me how I can make my own spaghetti at home?
I want to become a requester on Mturk platform. How do I go about it?
What are some plants that could repel mosquitoes?
What do you know about critical race theory? Where did it originate?
Can you run me through what "common core" math is?
Can you tell me the differences between huskies and alaskan malamutes?
How do I find new pop music on Spotify?
Does Sweden have a nice country side?
How often should I go to church?
Give me some ideas for some interesting projects I can make using a raspberry pi.
What are some fun things to do at Disneyland if I don't like rides?
How can I get better at storytelling?
Hello, I am trying to find a math tutor for my child
how do i make a fruit parfait?
Hi! I've been with my long-term partner for several years now and I want to bring back more flirting into the relationship. Could you give me some relationship advice?
I have to study for an English Literature exam, can you help me prepare?
Do AI programs have the capacity for racism or sexism? Are they capable of exhibiting biases with class also?
How can you help someone that has ADD, what are some general tips?
I keep reading about people arguing over whether fascism is a left or right on the political spectrum. What's your opinion?
What is penicillin?
What are some of the best books by Ray Bradbury?
How can I use Twitter to promote my business?
How can I get rid of a chin hair?
how do i name a cat?
Can you tell me the process for signing up for a gym membership?
How can I log my car mileage to track engine performance?
What safety tips are good to teach a kid that is going to a concert without parent supervision?
What are some cool countries to visit in Asia?
How can I do more networking and make some important friends?
How do I deep fry bacon?
What are places to visit in the USA if I like nature?
How can I help a hoarder clean up?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sauerbraten?
I'm looking for resources for good mental health, can you help?
I'd like to build my own simple telescope at home. I don't need anything especially complicated or technical, I'm just trying to build a simple telescope. What materials might I need?
How do you make a simple fort?
I want to know what I can use dishwasher tablets to clean other than dishes. Can you tell me?
I'm trying to declutter my life and clean out some of the seemingly endless boxes of keepsakes, mementos, and assorted detritus which have piled up in the garage, attic, closets, etc. But when I do attempt to start wading through the stuff, I become sentimental and have a hard time throwing ANYTHING away. Then I just end up putting it all back and still feeling cluttered and frustrated.
I have noticed those cans of solid cranberry they have for Thanksgiving. How do you serve it? Just slice it and serve?
What do I do if there is a bee hive in my yard?
I want to find a tv show like Parks & Rec! Can you help?
Can you briefly summarize the concern people had over Donald Trump putting his family into positions of power in his administration?
Can you walk me through how to wrap christmas presents properly?
What causes the clouds to move in the sky?
What are ways I can remove a stripped screw?
What are some clothes I should buy my daughter to go to see snow?
Do you have some ideas for making hamburgers more unique such as spices and toppings?
How do you become a foreign exchange student?
What are things I can do in a tide pool?
How do you season a cast iron pan?
Do you know any low-cost side hustles I could do in my spare time?
What is a good way to organize toys?
What are some popular foods in Japanese culture?
How can I prevent tooth decay?
I have a kettlebell but don't know what to do with it. Do you know any exercises I can do with it?
My cakes often come out dry. What are some tips you know of that can ensure when baking a cake, the cake comes out moist.
I would like a new TV show to watch. What are some good comedy shows on TV right now?
I want to cook my spouse a fancy breakfast for her birthday, and I need some ideas
How do I add texture to a ceiling?
Which shipping carrier is cheaper for shipping packages?
I need to write a sentence that doesn't contain the letter "e". Can you help me?
Can you tell me how calories are measured?
Can you tell me why there are so many wildfires in California? There seems to be dozens a year.
Can you explain to me how wine is made?
How can I work on my confidence?
What are the best virtual reality headsets for gaming?
What can I do in Barbados?
If my child is bullied should she be homeschooled?
I'm travelling to Moscow. Can you tell me some of the popular tourist attractions in the city?
I'd like to replicate an In N Out burger at home, can you help?
Why is smoking bad for people
I want to bring a pie to Thanksgiving this year. Can you tell me some popular pie types?
What is Lewy Body dementia?
I'm looking into different career avenues to decide what I might want to pursue. How do I start a podcast?
How do I become an exercise instructor?
Please compile a list of the top 10 causes of death in humans.
How do I make vodka mojitos?
What is a nice christmas bonus for a part time babysitter?
What will encourage a shy person to try new experience?
What does 5g mean?
I want to make corn bread the way people in south make it. Do you have a recipe for that?
I just got a new deck of playing cards. What are some card games I can play with a basic deck of cards?
How do I prevent someone from hacking into my email account?
what is the largest turkey ever recorded
Can I make homemade ketchup?
I'm staying in a French chateau and I'm afraid it might be haunted.
How do I make spicy buffalo wings?
I'm planning a trip to Italy and I'd like to learn some common Italian phrases.
How can I train myself to be a more focused person?
My brother has a drinking problem and I'm worried about him. How can I approach him about the topic?
where do they produce the most cranberries
What is Hashimoto's disease?
How do I teach a child to cross the street properly?
Who was the Original Buddha?
When was the Spanish flu pandemic?
I want to be able to run faster
Is there a way that you can get your pets to shed less fur all over the house?
How do I teach a child to dress themselves?
Which tourist attractions should I visit in Spain?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bolas de fraile?
Who built the Notre Dame Cathedral?
How do I get a child to color in the lines?
Esther Hicks is a well known speaker on spiritual matters. When did she get started, and what is her main theory?
how do i prevent myself from sleep talking?
How do you adjust a computer monitor's color temperature?
Can you recommend a good inexpensive table wine to serve with turkey?
I'm going to France and need to learn some produce-related words in the language.
How do you play truth or dare?
How do I make crispy bacon?
Have precious metals ever seen a big decline in value?
what are some places to visit in Kuala Lumpur?
What are some kinds of Italian rice I can make?
What are some things I need to take with me when going camping?
How do I get my drivers license in the United States
Can you tell me about what happened at the Battle of Agincourt?
What are some spicy Asian sauces?
How do you sterilize jars for canning?
What does getting acquitted mean?
Hi! I'm trying to plan a family holiday party, but I've never hosted before so I'm not quite sure what's necessary
Have any foods, been shown to fight cancer, in scientific studies?
How do you use a sewing machine?
Where are Ford cars made? What country?
What is the difference between King and California King mattresses?
What is this "blue light" I've been hearing about in terms of screens like phones, tablets and laptops that we use shortly before sleep causing some problems with our sleep cycles?
Is it illegal for my neighbors to park their cars in front of my mailbox, even if it is on the street?
How do I make a tropical smoothie?
what islands should i visit in indonesia?
What are some Indian curries I can make?
What is the best way to tie off a tender to the side of my boat?
How common are twins?
I want to know which companies are part of the Big Three. Do you know?
What was the black plague
How do you clear clogged toilet without a plunger?
Search for a sloppy joe recipe
What should I take for a picnic?
We are getting a pet ferret soon and would like some information about them.
Should children eat spicy foods?
What are the benefits of debate club?
Can you give me some helpful tips for improving my freethrow?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some common phrases. Can you help me?
Can you help me learn more about the Gulf War?
What is the best way to draw a simple flower with pencil?
Does lidocaine help with pain?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pane Carasau?
Candy canes are a Christmas tradition. What is the origin?
How do people get wool from sheep?
What is the name of the band from the 80's with the hit song thriller
Can I give myself a manicure at home?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for El-Kadi w Jmaatou?
How do you make cheesecake?
What are good ways to keep flies away from the outdoor trash can?
I need to be aware of survival tips when lost in the forest. Do you know of any survival tips for this particular situation?
How do I get a college scholarship
what are some fun things to in juarez, mexico?
Can you describe what happened in the war of 1812
What happens in a baseball game?
I'm trying to find a place to have tea in New York City. Can you help?
Do you have any tips on how to become better at organizing your day if you have ADHD?
Which desert is the largest on earth?
My son has just gone to high school but he is really nervous. HOw can I help him>
Black Friday sales are coming up soon and I'm wondering when I should start looking for deals from online retailers. Do the deals only start on Black Friday itself? Do they start on the week of Black Friday? What can you tell me about this?
Who is John Travolta?
Sauerkraut seems to have been around for quite some time. How's it made?
Can you tell me the best method to whiten my teeth without getting it done by a professional?
find what the laws are concerning opening up a daycare
What is the healthiest diet to feed my dog?
I'd like to buy a high quality entry level road bike. What price ranges am I looking at?
I'm having a vegetarian over for dinner and I have no idea what to make him, because most of what my family eats is meat. What are some easy to make vegetarian dishes?
What is yoga?
I have a big giant tree out front that attracts a ton of stink bugs, a.k.a. boxelder bugs. They are a giant nuisance and the exterminator could not provide me with any advice on how to prevent them from entering your home. Can you tell me everything you know about this bug?
Can you tell me information on what the symptoms of Covid are?
Can you give me a recipe for Banana Split?
Why do women get way more excited about Christmas than men?
Hi, I'm interested in the music of the 1970s. Can you help me create a playlist of the best songs from the era?
How much should I aim to walk per day?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Stuffed Artichokes?
I'm trying to make my text more clear. Clear like Hemingway would write it. Let me show you an example of what I mean: Before: The cat was chased by the dog. It had no significant idea of th origin of the dog's motivation to hunt it. The cat also thought of itself as innocent. After: The dog chased the cat. The cat, who found itself innocent, didn't know why the dog chased it. Before: It's kind of interesting how computers are stuck in the old hum hum drum drum of the past. Most text editors are still like typewriters, or, at best, those electrical typewriters from the 80ies where you had almost like a throne for writing, drafing on a screen and then printing.
How do I deal with anorexia?
What are the Twelve Days of Christmas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Oyster Omelet?
How should I go about finding and preparing firewood for use in the winter?
Hello, I am trying to find tickets to the Adele concert in London. Can you help?
Do you have any helpful tips on getting used to wearing sunscreen? I hate the feeling on my skin
How can I attract bees to bee boxes to have my own honey?
How do I clean a mirror without making streaks?
Is a German Shepard a good pet?
I'm creating a WordPress website. Are there any templates available for free?
Where did the name bluetooth come from?
Can you help me find the dates and event schedule of the Tucson Gem Show?
How long would it take for man to go to Mars on a rocket ship?
How do I make a mixed media collage?
How do I make mashed potatoes with real potatoes?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mukimo?
I'm retiring at the end of the year, how do I apply for social security?
If I want to travel someplace where they have a lot of cuisine that serves spicy and citrusy type meals, where should I travel to?
What kind of dish is a gratin?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore
What does the number "0451" mean in gaming?
I want to make shrimp Chow Mein. Can you help me?
How can I learn to play guitar without bothering my neighbors?
What is a hernia?
What's the process of writing an opinion letter to the editor of a magazine?
How do I decrease my power bill?
Can you give me some tips on learning a foreign language?
What are some ways to identify biases in an article?
I need to pick a name for my new puppy. Can you help?
Opera is a classic type of music, that definitely has themes of class involved. I'd like to learn more about Opera, generally. What are classic Operas, to be aware of?
Can you give me an overview of how a Smart City works?
What are some types of shoes I can collect as a woman?
What are some educational gifts for a ten year old?
Can you explain Amazon's business model for getting government tax breaks?
How can I be more talkative in a group setting?
Do Police really have a quota of how many tickets they have to write?
What do the different codes in a hospital mean?
Why do I look better in a mirror than in pictures? I always hate how I look in pictures.
How do I know a child is ready for a tricycle?
How many suicide squad movies did they make?
I'm thinking about buying a new baseball cap, but I get overwhelmed with so many options. What are the main shape types of baseball caps?
Can you tell me about the goddess Persephone?
Why can't humans build a space station on the moon?
Could you provide me some information on President Obama?
Dou you think jurassic park could happen in real life?
are airpods worth it?
What is masa used for
How do I stop menopause weight gain?
Can you help me find some keto recipes?
How does GasBuddy help you save money?
What tips do you have for learning how to use a new computer program?
Can you tell me about the Nation of Islam in the United States?
My friend's daughter is leaving for college for the first time and she's having empty nest syndrome. How can I help her through it?
How do I help a family member stop drinking?
I have two female dogs and they don't get along. They always seem to be fighting for territory. Do you have any advice on helping them to socialize with one another better?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz con Menestra y Carne Asada?
Recently the company I work for went back to working in the office and is phasing out working at home. I'm fine with that, I guess, however most people in the office are against wearing masks and I would prefer it, especially since the company is not mandating that everyone be vaccinated. So I don't really know how to navigate this new chapter in the pandemic.
How do I remove rust from my car?
What are some good Mexican beers?
I heard the song "ring around the Rosie" was about the plague. Is this true?
I want to make a carrot cake but vegan style. So what things should I avoid putting into it if I want to make it vegan?
Why does aged wine taste better than new wine?
What are some of the health benefits of black pepper?
Do you know in which country Buddha was born?
How do you test continuity on a wire?
How can I raise butterflies?
What are the major signs that someone is going through a midlife crisis?
I love the paintings of Water Lilies by Monet. What is the largest one he ever produced I wonder? They could get pretty big, the canvases.
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
What are the benefits of drinking cows milk?
I know that all living organisms share multiple characteristics that define life. Can you list and describe what those characteristics are?
Can you tell me what's up with the conflict between China and Taiwan? I don't really know anything about it other than they have serious problems.
I'm planning a big holiday dinner, but need ideas for dessert. Do you have any good dessert suggestions?
How can I keep bed bugs away
Do fairies exist?
If I wanted to cook a ribeye steak in a cast iron skillet, should I cook it on the stove or put it in the oven?
If I like music by Fiona Apple, what other artists would I like?
What are some vitamins I can take for skin health?
How do you convert inches to centimeters?
When should I be concerned about diarrhea?
What is a good way to organize toys?
How can I reduce my alcohol consumption?
How do I clean a tv screen?
At what age should you give kids a cell phone?
How do I learn to sweep?
I’m looking for a new K-Drama to watch
What actor plays Ironman
How can I help my friend who's getting divorced?
Where did Gianni Versace die?
Can you give me tips on how to break a fever?
How long was the bronze age?
I have some constellation questions. For starters, how many constellations are there in the western zodiac?
Can you help me figure out how to make a tres leches cake with strawberries in it?
Find a spicy chili recipe
How do mend a broken heart?
I'm a professional wrestler. Explain molecules to me.
I'm going to have a new niece soon. Can you recommend me any baby gives I should buy for my sister?
Where do watermelons come from?
What is the best time of the year for planting carrots in Maryland?
How do you do a search in Windows 10?
Can you recommend some good marvel comics that I can read?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Baba Ganoush?
How do I get rid of a pimple on my chin?
Is it realistic to think about building your own home from scratch?
can you give me an easy cornbread recipe?
Do you know of any good resources to learn Spanish?
I'm curious about football heroes. What are some of the top football stars in American football?
What is the top book of the year
what islands should i visit in indonesia?
How do I get better at dribbling a soccer ball?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Schnitzel?
What are the best sandbox style video games?
How do I make waffles?
Why does the military cut their hair so short?
How do I drain a cyst?
In term of firearms, what is a blowback system?
Find a recipe for chicken pot pie
I'm trying to keep my window streak free. Can you help?
Is the Friday after Thanksgiving a good day to go Christmas shopping?
When was Dunkin Donuts first built?
How do I make a pumpkin pie for Thanksgiving dinner?
How can you make cheese at home?
I was recently invited to a Quincenera. What is it?
Is Elon Musk a self-made billionaire? I have heard conflicting reports about that.
Birds sure make a lot of noise. Why do they learn to mimic sounds like that?
I am in the mood for coffee tonight! Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for Irish coffee?
How can I get better at keeping secrets?
Can you explain what all the different types of gas at gas stations are?
How do I fly a kite?
How can I color sand for a school project?
How can I let my child help with the baby? My child wants to.
One of my friends turns 45 in a few days and is into Star Wars and Star Wars collectibles. I am not into that type of stuff and don't know about but want to get him a cool gift from the genre.
Which TV series are similar to The X-Files?
I have a phobia of clowns and I'd like some good clown themed horror movies to scare me. Do you have any recommendations?
How can I make cannabis edibles?
What were the first things man learned to make alcohol out of?
There are a lot of Christmas songs to choose for nowadays. What Christmas song is the best of all time?
How do I groom my dog?
I need a recipe for kettle potato chips
I'm curious about skin conditions. Can you describe what acne is and what causes it?
I have to teach someone how to round whole numbers. Can you describe the steps of how to round whole numbers?
Hi, I've been drinking every day for a few weeks now, and I'm experiencing withdrawal symptoms when I try to stop. How can I safely detox from alcohol?
Are wild boars native to North America of were they brought over?
Can you provide me with the ingredients from a recipe for alfredo sauce?
Do you know any good candle scents?
Is it actually possible to go faster than the speed of light?
Can you explain what cosplay means?
Is the old saying that you attract more flies with honey than vinegar true in a literal sense?
What is a gluten free alternative to flour for making bread?
Hey! I procrastinated Christmas shopping so now I desperately need help planning last minute Christmas gifts
What is the papparazzi?
How can I make my own fertilizer?
What kind of exercises can help me avoid heart disease?
What is the longest running TV show?
What is Elf on the Shelf?
Search for a cherry crisp recipe
How can I show my child to carry a number when adding double digits?
I love having a variety of hair ties. How are hair ties made?
How can I calculate if it is worth it to buy a second home to rent out?
Can you tell me which company developed Castlevania Symphony of the Night?
Which small appliances are a must have for the kitchen?
Do people still get subscription magazines sent to them in the mail?
How do I become a better nature photographer?
Have you heard of Santana?
What is the purpose of agave nectar in a cocktail?
How do you rewind a VCR tape?
What time of the year is it best to plant eggplants in my Maryland garden?
Do you think computers will ever be smarter than humans?
Can you tell me what type of insurance is needed to drive into Mexico from the US?
What is a normal blood pressure reading?
Can you tell me about what happened at the Battle of Agincourt?
War and Peace by Tolstoy is a classic piece of literature. It's quite a complex plot. Do you know some of the gist of what the book is about?
I want to track my calorie intake. How can I do that?
What is the best way to care for coral in a tank?
Is it difficult to make a birdhouse?
Can you help teach me how to make breaded baked pork chops?
What is a talkbox?
What should I look for in auto insurance?
Do you know which charities are good to support in order to help the environment?
How do I care for a wood table?
How do I make papusas?
What part of the world did the potato originate in?
Why are people racist?
I'd like to try to make ramen, but I don't really know anything about how. Can you help?
What is the most popular name in the world?
Please tell me what you know about Barak Obama.
Do you think computers will ever be smarter than humans?
Is there a limit to how high we can build a skyscraper building?
How can I make pancakes from scratch?
I have heard that being too agreeable can be a problem. Can you tell me how being too agreeable can be a downside?
How do I make my car smell good?
People dying in a mosh pit has been in the news lately. Can you explain what the point of most pits are?
Who is the top country singer right now?
How long ago were tomatoes introduced into Europe?
What are some basic skills a ten year old should have for a computer?
How can I successfully fly a kite?
What is the role of the US Treasury?
What do I do if I have a tire blowout on the highway?
Can you tell me some interesting facts about the gold rush that occured in the west?
How can I find an electrician to let me be his or her apprentice?
What are some cheap gifts to give for Christmas?
I want to invest in crypto currency
I'm trying to stretch more. Can you recommend any beginner stretches?
I need help on how to plan for a road trip
Why was Bill Clinton impeached during his presidency?
What kind of fillings are use for tamales?
Are there any planets that have oceans?
what is a good meal plan
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Palava Sauce and Ampesi?
I was wondering, why do we light off fireworks for the 4th of July celebrations?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken Foot Souse?
How can I comfort a person that is grieving?
house prices are going up fast. Should I buy now or wait?
Can you help me understand what lyme disease is?
I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
I am trying to figure out what the word "Nocturnal" means. Can you help?
Are 2 stoke motorcycles faster than 4 strokes?
What is a full body exercise that I can do without weights?
I want to make a non alcoholic mexican mule drink. So mexican mule mocktail. How can I do that?
Hi, I have to make scatter plots in math class now. Can you explain how they work, and how to construct one?
How are synthetic diamonds made?
How important is good wi-fi for playing online video games? Will it give me an advantage over other players?
I am trying to think of a huge achievement in human history. Can you suggest one?
What are some ways that I can prevent snoring?
How can I increase the amount of pushups that I can do?
Who is Patti Smith?
How do you bend sheet metal?
I am 56 years old, female and have upper back pain. What can I do to relieve the pain?
How is maple syrup made?
I am trying to get stronger leg muscles. What exercises do you recommend?
How can I prevent panic attacks
How do you change a man's organ to a woman?
what are some good shipping companies?
Can you tell me which company developed the first cola, pepsi or coke?
What should I feed my dog if I can't afford to buy dog food?
do goldfish get bored if they have no friend?
I've found the carvings of Michelangelo to be so profound and amazing. What are some of his most famous statues?
I'm interested in recent Chinese propaganda movies like Wolf Warrior and The Battle at Lake Changjin. Are you aware of these movies, and if so, why are they considered propaganda?
I'm going to Spain and want to learn some basic food words in Spanish. Can you help me?
What are some things I can dip in fondue?
Do people tend to buy more Hams for Christmas or Thanksgiving?
I'm interested in trying out being an instacart shopper. Do you know anything about this job?
Who was the first woman on earth according to Greek mythology?
I'm travelling to Egypt later on in the year and I plan to visit the Sinai Peninsula. I'd like to try and go over the border to Israel if possible and spend a day to two there. Will I be allowed to reenter Egypt via the land border as I have been told by a friend that once you have an Israeli stamp in your passport Muslim majority nations will deny you entry?
can I grow fennel in a tropical climate?
Are perms safe for your hair?
Can you help me find the route from New Jersey to New York with the least bridges?
I'm hosting a get together and trying to think of unconventional foods that people will enjoy. I'm tired of the hamburgers and hot dogs fare that everyone else does but I don't want to get too weird and have half the people not like the food. Any ideas?
What are the best psychological horror films of all time?
How do I paint fingernails neatly?
What are some healthy drinks for my diabetic aunt?
What are the pros and cons of lithium batteries? I hear, for example, lithium typically degrades erratically.
Can you give men an estimate on how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Ohio?
find an affordable vacation spot for under five hundred in Vegas
I keep getting flats on my bicycle tires and I'm trying to figure out a way to stop this. What can I do to augment my bicycle tries and tubes to avoid flats?
I'm trying to plan a wedding but I don't know where to have it. What would be a good location?
what are some other games i might like if i like tennis?
at what age should kids be allowed to use makeup?
What are some good toys for a pirate fan?
What is a good caliber rifle to hunt deer with?
Can you help me find some top things to see while in Rome Italy?
When were so called Aliens reported entering Earths surface from outer space
How do I temporarily disable an Instagram account?
I have to make something for a church baked sale. What are some popular baked goods that are easy to sell at a bake sale?
What's the easiest way to keep a shopping list?
Could you explain to the process of making soda to me?
How do you end a running application in Win 10 using the task manager?
Get a blueberry cheesecake recipe
Alanis Morissette is pretty talented. What is her career background?
My son wants me to make rice krispie treats for his school's bake sale. Can you tell me what is in them?
Can you describe how avocados grow?
Should I use a travel agent or book online?
I have to write a school report on the greatest basketball players in NBA history. I know Michael Jordan should be included, but who else can I write about?
How do you write a resume?
I'm trying to find the best quality of fencing for a cheap price. It needs to be privacy fencing
How do you know if you have 20/20 vision?
Please tell me about Alexander Fleming, the person who discovered penicillin.
I'm trying to write a Christmas story
Can you recommend a good soundtrack? I want to listen to something from a movie or show.
I want to play a trivia game. Let's see how well you do. Question One: How many legs does a spider have?
How would I go about making homemade chewing gum?
Is it cheaper to send a package by UPS or FedEx? I want the cheapest rate.
Do you know of a good cookie recipe?
Hi, I'd like to start driving a motorcycle. What do I need to do to do that?
How can i save up for a vacation?
What is Vodka made from
Is a pet groomer a rewarding career?
How do you open the command line prompt in Win 10?
Can you help me find a good book to red?
What kind of hair style do you have?
Are cold sores all a form of herpes?
I added too much salt to my soup, is there anything I can do
How do people become a judge?
I'm looking to buy my first car. What are some things I should look for?
Does the Black Lives Matter movement have chapters in every state?
What is rated as the best wall insulation for colder months?
What is there to do at Emerald Bay State Park?
What do I do if javelina are coming into my backyard?
What is a good gift for my elderly grandma who is in a nursing home?
I left the car in the parking lot to get some grocery. When I came back to finally get home, for some reason I'm no longer able to get the car to start. Can you help?
What is the correct way to mow the lawn?
Sometimes it is hard to distinguish what is an amphibian and what is a reptile. Can you tell me how one can distinguish them?
Can you tell me the difference between the civil and criminal courts in the American justice system?
How does CGI work?
What mammal has the longest gestation period?
Hey Assistant, I need to write a speech for my father's wedding. Can you help?
How do I make a breakfast burrito?
How do I make fried tempeh?
Are pit bulls really just naturally mean dogs?
What is the most scariest animal in the ocean?
Does classical music really help babies be smarter?
What place can I visit in Medellin?
what are some fun toys for a 14 year old?
I'm trying to make biscuits and am looking for a easy recipe. Can you help?
Can you help me find a place to rent in nevada?
What are pros and cons of black friday?
Can you explain the process of getting a bill passed in Congress? Does a bill start in the House first, or Senate?
Do you have any recipes for cocktails that specifically contain chocolate as a flavor/ingredient?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicharrón?
How do I take notes during lectures?
How do I get a baby to eat more solids?
If you were hungry and wanted to eat a good breakfast. what would you eat? and why?
How can I clean a pillow?
Does slavery still exist in the modern world anywhere?
Can you teach me about making grape jelly?
Will an apple tree grow Maryland?
Can someone steal my identity with just my name and address?
Hi! My dog has picked up the bad habit of barking lately and I want to teach him not to bark. How do I do that?
How does adding the federal oil reserve to the oil market help to lower the price of gas?
Hi, I've never ridden a bicycle. Can you teach me how?
Hey Assistant, do you know the song "Under Pressure"?
I'm planning a trip to Finland. Can you check on the flight schedule from Washington, DC to Helsinki?
Can you provide a recipe for how to make cinnamon sugar?
I want to learn how to catch crabs
What can I use on baby's hair to make it sit a certain way?
How do you get a passport?
I'm trying to make The absolute best scrambled eggs. Do you have a recipe?
I'm thinking about getting a smartphone, do you think it's a good idea?
Who is Kyle Rittenhouse?
What can you tell me about Christopher Columbus?
I am worried some about ice storms this winter. I live in central KY and we had three back to back to back ice storms last year. It's a once in ten to 15 year phenomenon. Should I expect the same type of weather pattern this year? Last year the gulf pushed up moisture which would hit cold air from the north right over Kentucky and that created these storms. That is not the typical weather pattern for Kentucky winters.
How are jurors usually selected during jury duty?
Do stores lose money on Black Friday due to the deals they give out?
How do I find a reliable home contractor?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tahu Gerjrot?
What are some of the health benefits of exposing yourself to cold weather?
What are some good raspberry pie recipes?
How can I tell the difference between a dolphin and a shark swimming?
Do firefighters get paid?
Do you know of ways one can help a dog with separation anxiety?
What do vegetarians eat for Thanksgiving?
What are some toys I can get for a kid who loves Blues Clues?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
What are some common ways to pay for a bus fare?
Can you help me find some top things to see while in Rome Italy?
I'd like to go on my first date before 2022, how do I make that happen?
What are some things toddlers can learn from sesame street?
How should I install a mirror in a room to make it look bigger?
I developed a cough and am coughing up yellow phlegm. What could me wrong with me?
Can you help me find a concert of a band I like?
I need some plans for a cat tree that I can make at home. Can you help me with some ideas?
How do I fit in at a new workplace?
How do I find a side income?
What is the best way to match your outfits?
I know it's tax season but I'm not sure when I have to submit my tax return by. What is the due date?
What are some things that I can do to insure that I get a lot of miles out of the motor and transmission in my car?
Is it ok to go on an elephant safari?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Colcannon ?
Why is the Iraq War considered a failed war?
My dog peed on the couch and left a stain, is there an easy way to remove it?
I want to try to be a streamer. Where do you think I should get started?
When was the Yankee Stadium built?
How can a US citizen move to and retire in Mexico?
What is the most popular type of pizza American like?
Does PayPal do money transfers on the weekends?
How do I make sure my WiFi is secure?
Are space heaters safe?
I have a choice between moving to the Pacific Northwest or the desert Southwest in the United States. What are the geographical differences between those two regions?
I'm gonna list some foods and you tell me which wines you know they can be paired with. Are you ready?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
How can I make suede soft again?
How do I make an organized essay for my history class?
I'm working on a legal case, and I was wondering if you could explain the differences between voluntary manslaughter versus involuntary manslaughter, and first degree murder versus second degree murder.
What are Eggs Benedict?
What do I do? My baby keeps reaching for the electricity outlets.
Learning about the Hoover Dam.
Do I need to have a college degree?
at what age should i allow children to date?
What are some easy to grow plants I can have on a window sill?
Where are your kidneys located?
How do I grow my following on social media?
What are some salty snacks besides chips?
I want to adopt a dog? Where should I go? I live in Dallas.
Who did Justin Bieber marry?
I'm trying to figure out which trading card game is the most popular. Can you help?
IS PSNOW worth the monthly subscription if I just want to try games out before buying them?
Can you help me learn about Edgar Allan Poe?
Can you tell me the cooking time for pan frying a steak?
Can you tell me a bit about the history of exorcisms?
I have noticed that a new neighbor has renovated a home down the street. One of the first thing she did was paint her front door red. Is there any hidden meaning to this?
What month is the US Open played in?
What can I use a vacuum for in my house?
How do I make shell pasta?
How does ruby on rails work?
What are some fun ride on toys for toddlers?
I'm trying to declutter my life and clean out some of the seemingly endless boxes of keepsakes, mementos, and assorted detritus which have piled up in the garage, attic, closets, etc. But when I do attempt to start wading through the stuff, I become sentimental and have a hard time throwing ANYTHING away. Then I just end up putting it all back and still feeling cluttered and frustrated.
What kind of foods cause GERD?
Why doesn't the bible have page numbers like other books?
What's the easiest way to keep a shopping list?
what is the capital of Vermont
Can you tell me more about the origin of Krampus?
Have cruise ships always been a place for people catch contagious illnesses?
I need to get a passport so I can travel to another country. How do I get one?
What do I buy a girl who loves disney princesses?
Do you know of ways one can encourage someone to be less stubborn?
How do I keep plaque off my teeth?
How can I make my own CBD oil?
Was the Vietnam War a failure?
How do you avoid getting zapped by static electricity?
How can I get my dog used to travel?
Can you explain what a franchisee is when it comes to fast food restaurants?
How to make chocolate chip cookies
How does someone become a private investigator?
How useful are IQ tests in determining how smart someone is?
What are some ways that I can inspire other people?
Is there a DNA test to look for cancer?
What are the best wigs for women?
How can I find if I am eligible for free government health care based on my income?
How can I learn to dance to dance to the beat?
What are the three branches of the US governmet?
Does a flannel jacket keep you warm?
What is the highest peak mountain in US?
Any first date conversation topics you can suggest?
When I was a kid I was read Uncle Remus stories, such as Br'er Rabbit. Nowadays those stories aren't considered appropriate for children anymore. Why is that?
what is the most popular song Ronnie James Dio sang
Can you recommend a good recipe for a healthy and delicious lasagne?
I'd like to move somewhere in the United States without a cold winter. What state should I look into?
When does ice hockey season start?
What does the Goodwill do?
What's the most popular organized religion in the United States?
How do I chop down a tree safely?
Do they still build airplanes out of wood?
How do I get to Allentown PA from NYC?
Can you give some examples of animals that hibernate in winter?
When did Egypt become a Muslim nation?
Who is Judee Sills?
How do I stop the swelling in my feet?
Should I let my child read Harry Potter?
What are some pros and cons of advancing technology?
How do I train a monkey to be calm?
What is the US tax rate
Can you tell me instructions and a recipe for deep frying a Thanksgiving turkey?
What are some foods enjoyed in the Bayou of Louisiana?
Parrots seem like interesting pets. I wonder if they've studied their intelligence levels much?
How do I help grandma find a Medicare plan?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Horchata?
Should I feed a stray dog or call the SPCA?
How do I make an over easy egg?
I've never really done laundry before. In what situations should I adjust the temperature and the RPM?
Can you give several examples of dog breeds?
How can I make reusable menstration pads?
How do you switch to a different user account in Win 10?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore
If someone chooses to just not pay off their student loans, can they get in trouble? Can they be forced to pay them back?
What is a good present to get for a new mom?
I'm going to meet my husband's family for the first time this weekend and I'm nervous about it. How can I feel more confident?
What is the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
What are 2nd amendment rights
What can I do to reduce my risk of gum disease?
How much money should I have in my rainy day fund?
My ears often experience discomfort when I travel by air, what can I do about it?
I am curious to know how museums acquire art
What's the difference between autism and aspergers? Are they the same thing?
I have a kitchen cabinet that has a loose knob. What are quick ways to fix it? I don't have a replacement knob at this moment.
I'm travelling to Norway and need to learn to say some food words. Can you help?
How does the human body know where to grow things like hair and nails?
What is a good family road trip in California?
Search for an egg roll recipe
Can light bend around corners?
Can you provide me some information on Jimmy Carter?
What is the most common favorite color? I like yellow sometimes.
Why is the planet Jupiter so much larger than the other planets in our solar system?
How can I clean the cloth seats in my car?
What are some common drinks to order at a bar?
How many drinks would make a 125 pound woman drunk?
What's the best way to start a novel?
I'm trying to make an apple pie. Can you help me?
What should I look for in a therapist?
Should you plant a lilac bush in shade, full sun, or partial shade?
Can you help me learn about Edgar Allan Poe?
How far out do seagulls get from land?
What is DoorDash?
How do I make a tropical smoothie?
How do I make my own hot sauce?
Should parents encourage their children to participate in sports?
how do i stop myself from saying bad words?
Assistant, can you help me find books that have really popular antagonists?
What is the song American Pie about?
Football seems so popular, although head injuries seem part of the work. How safe is football as a sport?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
HI, I keep getting mosquitoes in my place, and I'm sick of bites. How can I keep them out of my home?
I would like to become an Mturk worker. Please tell me where to apply.
Is it illegal to BitTorrent content in the United States? Why or not why?
I am trying to learn more about the banking industry. Can you tell me about the first bank that was ever created in the United States?
how do i make my own kite?
I keep getting a lot of ants in my kitchen. Is there some way I can get them to stay out of my house?
How do I get my toddler interested in speaking a foreign language?
Do you have any ideas on how to propose to a girlfriend?
Do you know of some ways that I can improve my vertical leap?
What is an easy casserole recipe that I can make for dinner?
Is it Brazil or Columbia that produces the most coffee in the world?
I have to figure out my sources for a people I am writing. Can you describe to me what is the difference between a primary and secondary source?
How do I properly inflate the tires on my car?
How can I relax after a long and stressful day at work?
What are some kinds of Italian rice I can make?
What year did the PlayStation launch in North America?
comfort a grandparent that has lost their spouse recently.
I'd like to start attending theatre classes, but don't know where to begin. Could you help?
what is a good month to start wearing boots?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chapati?
I was messing around on the computer today and started thinking. What is the code called that they make websites with?
At what age to people start to remember Christmas for the rest of their lives?
Any tips for staying hydrated in the summer?
What does beyond a reasonable doubt mean?
What are some good action games for the Playstation 4?
How much interest does a U.S Treasury bond pay?
I'm going to Russia and need to learn some common words
What is the biggest mansion in the U.S.?
Can I tame a wolf?
Are pit bulls really just naturally mean dogs?
Which states in the US have the lowest cost of living?
How can I get better at crossword puzzles?
How can I volunteer at an old folks' home?
I want to make Japanese curry. Do you have a recipe?
I feel like I've been spending too much time browsing online. How can I cut back on my internet time?
How do you become a life coach?
What type of an assistant are you?
What are some common causes for an engine to stall?
What year did the popular band Metallica form?
How do you drill out a broken screw?
what are cool ideas for crafting with marshmallows?
Why do some people have an intolerance to lactose?
Are there professional basketball teams in other countries besides the USA?
My dog is overweight. What are some easy ways to help it get to a healthier weight?
How long does it take to oil fry a big turkey?
How do I buy a mansion?
How can I tie dye?
What are some strategies that I can use for solving a jigsaw puzzle?
I'd like to sign up for Amazon Prime but I don't know how to navigate the website. Can you help me get started?
What should I say in a thank you card for my wedding?
How do I get a penpal?
What are shellfish?
How many presidents have been impeached in the United States?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
Should you flea bomb a home?
Where can I go to get my macbook serviced?
What music software can I use to make beats?
How do I enhance my sports car?
Do you have any tips on how to stay safe during a heatwave?
I am going on vacation soon.
Is it true that eating the lungs of a crab is poisonous?
Tambourines have been around for millennia. Does Ethan images of tambourines in ancient Egyptian tombs. Do you know the history of the tambourine?
I am trying to decide which video game console to buy. Can you give me some advice on which one might be right for me?
How do I teach a child to brush their own hair?
Search for a cheesecake brownie recipe
What are some good science fiction movies?
I'm visiting London for the first time. Can you suggest any popular tourist attractions or landmarks?
Where is NATO's headquarters?
What did apes evolve from?
Can I keep a cactus indoors?
How can I forgive myself for mistakes
Can I train my parrot to go places with me?
Hi! I'm trying to build a workout routine with a focus on growing my glutes. Do you have any advice?
How do I make a traditional green been casserole for Thanksgiving?
I'd like to find some new MMORPG games to play. Can you give me some suggestions?
Which foods should I bring for a picnic?
Can you help me figure out how to plant a tree?
At what age can I be a babysitter?
How do I use coupons to save money?
Can you give me a recipe for strawberry cheesecake?
How can I keep snakes away from my home?
What does the grocery store do with all the expired food they have every month.
What is the easiest flower to grow in Virgina
Is Rod Stewart coming to Vegas in the near future?
Who is Frank Sinatra?
Can you use Crazy Glue to fix a chipped fingernail?
What are some good racing games for the Playstation 2?
I am interested in gothic fiction. Can you describe to me what gothic fiction is about?
I'm trying to learn how to grow the biggest pumpkins
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cameroonian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ekwang?
How do you remove skin tags?
I need to get a new vacuum cleaner. Which one should I buy?
I am going to ask you a boring question. What are millennials?
How do I make tostadas?
I hear that sharks have been around longer than a lot of plants, why didn't they die out like the dinosaurs?
Bitcoin currency seems to be a little bit complex. I have relatives who owned it. Do you know the general gist of it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Braai?
Search for avocado toast recipe.
Can you recommend me a couple vegan friendly dinner dishes?
what approach do you think I should do if I'm gonna talk to my employer about raise?
What is a Bellini?
What's are some pastries that contain dulce de leche in them?
Can domesticated cats breed with any type of wild cat?
Which items should I bring with me to the beach?
At what age do men stop growing?
What can you see in Alaska?
How do you make a hamburger?
What do dogs like to eat?
The Picture of Dorian Gray, by Oscar Wilde, has been a captivating tale. Some modern series, have remade the tale. I wonder if you know about it?
What type of plywood is best for outdoor use?
How is vodka made?
Do you have any knowledge on how to melt butter quickly?
Can you tell me about the inside of the White House, such as the executive residence and the wings and the grounds?
How can I motivate my child to do chores?
Could you help me understand the differences between Republicans and Democrats?
How can I tell if a diamond is real?
How can I look up a doctor's practice to see if they are still in business?
What is a casserole I can make with bagels?
How can I defrost cooked chicken?
What country produces the most food?
What are some non partisan news sites?
What are some candies I can add into cookies?
I once read the Ainu people were the first people in Japan. Can you describe more of the Ainu, such as their history and culture, things like that?
Can you help me find information on the role playing game Pathfinder?
Can you tell me how much I'd save taking the bus versus driving to work?
How are glass windows made?
I want to learn German. How should I start?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Maraq Digaag?
I got a bad sunburn. What can I do?
Who wrote the Magna Carta?
Is a car alarm worth the cost?
Should I get a cockatiel or a parrot?
How can I give up cigarettes?
How can I protect my wifi signal from being used by others?
I'm travelling to Italy and need to learn some words. Can you help me?
I'm trying to learn a new language. Do you recommend any languages that are easy to learn?
How do I take care of my eye health?
Do Police Detectives have to have a college degree?
How do I make traditional tortilla soup?
I would like to get an explanations about how windmills work and what they are used for. Can you help?
how do i make a patchwork quilt?
I'm trying to find out how pizza was first invented. Can you help?
How do you treat a minor concussion?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Mondongo?
Hi, I'd like to get rich, quickly if possible. Can you give me some suggestions for making as much money as possible?
What is the meaning behind the Black Lives Matter Movement?
I'm trying to find the most famous attraction in Italy. Can you help?
I heard the song "ring around the Rosie" was about the plague. Is this true?
Who is Jennifer Lopez?
How much should I aim to walk per day?
How many calories do you need in a day?
What's the best way to record your mistakes so you don't repeat them again?
My company recently recieved a cease and desist, can you explain what this means?
When were so called Aliens reported entering Earths surface from outer space
What should I do when I see the check engine light on in my car?
How can I learn how to dance?
What are different prosthetics I can get?
I would like to learn a little about politics. Can you help?
How many hours a day did most people work in ancient times?
Hey! I work in a bar, and often I work until 3am, but I'm trying to get on a better sleep schedule so that I don't sleep past 1pm so often
What can I do to raise my credit score?
What is a kidney infection?
What are ways to get out of an awkward situation?
What are pros and cons of a child being a vegetarian?
what are some shows i might enjoy if i like wheel of fortune?
Hey! How do I make my Kraft dinner creamier and cheesier?
Can you tell me the name of the world’s longest river?
I want to download a good accounting software for home use
How can I make my jeans fit better in the waist?
Can you teach me how to play chess?
How can I make a cat purr?
What are different golf clubs used for?
How do you work?
Does sterling silver have a special marking?
Hi, I'd like to be able to get into bars and clubs, and buy alcohol, and do some adult stuff that I can't at my age. Any idea how I could go about getting fake ID that is likely to be accepted?
What were piano strings made out of in historical times?
What countries are near the south pole?
what are some other games i might like if i like tennis?
How often should I go to the dentist for cleaning?
I'm looking for recommendations of books that are similar to the Harry Potter series.
What is Issac Newton famous for
Which cuts of beef make the most tender steak?
What are benefits and cons of going barefoot?
What are some things I can make with cream cheese?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Semmelknödel?
What can you tell me about mountain lions?
Does laser hair removal get rid of hair for good?
What does wage garnishment mean?
How do I improve my soccer skills?
Hi, I'd like to make Thanksgiving turkey this year. Can you give me a recipe for the turkey, stuffing, and giblet gravy?
Can you explain to me what a dichotomous key is and how its used for animals?
Man, sometimes I have to correct my typing. I think I picked up bad habits learning on my won. Do you know any way a person could go back and learn to type the right way?
Where can i watch the northern lights?
Why are dogs afraid of fireworks
I'm trying to eat healthier so I lose weight. Can you tell me what some good weight loss foods are?
How do I wash my car windows?
How do you make a window more airtight in the winter to save energy/heat?
How do I do elf on the shelf?
What are some foods I can make from Ritz?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ranga Ranga?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of money orders?
My daughter moved sixteen hours away and I am wondering if I should stress that I want her to move back to our state
Egyptologist Dr Joann Fletcher has so many great specials on Egypt. What are some of her favorite focus topics in ancient Egypt study?
how can i show appreciation for my doctor?
I love birds. I'm thinking about building a house for the doves that frequent my yard every year. Can you help me come up with a list of supplies I might need to pickup from the hardware store?
How can I get rid of calluses on my hands?
What are some fun things to do in Las Vegas?
What are places I could visit in Oaxaca, Mexico?
Is it easy to become addicted to caffeine?
What is the best cut of beef to make beef jerky with?
With the new year coming up, I'm ready to make some resolutions. How can I keep myself motivated to keep my resolutions?
Hades seems to be a dark place indeed. In the old tale, is anyone happy there?
What are some protein finger foods for babies?
I would like to learn more about the origins of the tooth fairy.
How do I add texture to a ceiling?
What is a good way to get scratches out of my car's paint job?
Hello, I am trying to figure out who wrote the Christmas carol Carol of the Bells
What does declaring bankruptcy do to someone's finances and credit score?
Are extended warranties for electronics worth it?
Hello. Can you teach me a little bit about the great depression?
What do you do when you have no water in your home?
I had a fight with a significant other recently and would like to patch things up. How would you suggest I approach doing this?
My cat has been ruining some things with her claws. How can I file them down?
What day of the week will Christmas fall on this year?
How can I make my own essential oils at home?
Search for a sloppy joe sandwich recipe
What's a good home security camera system?
I'm trying to reduce my plastic waste from cleaning products. Do you have any suggestions of ways I can do that?
Is greek yogurt better for you than regular yogurt?
Does getting a college education, lead to longer life expectancy overall? I've wondered.
Is English spoken in a lot of countries in the world?
Should I tip the UPS driver?
Would a food critic be a fun career?
When writing about a setting, which human senses should I consider in order to write an excellent description of the setting? To really evoke an image of the setting for the reader.
I need to book a trip to cancun
I'm trying to find artists that are similar to Eminem can you recommend any?
Any way to make your hair grow faster?
How many versions of the movie Fame are there?
How do I recycle my plastic bottles for redemption value?
I'm reading about the Kingdom of Kush. It says that eventually the kingdom falls. Can you describe to me why the Kingdom of Kush fell?
Do days get shorter in winter?
I'm planning to travel to Europe, and wondered if you could suggest some countries, or places, to visit?
Can you provide me steps on how to make deviled eggs?
it is possible to make homemade slipcovers for my old couches?
What are the best stretches that I can do to increase flexibility?
What is diabetes type 2?
What are Nielsen ratings?
What are some good DC villains?
What is the best way to fold a fitted sheet for my bed?
What do I do if a baby falls off the bed?
I fell in mud and now I have a stain on my jeans. Can you help me remove the stain?
I'm going to Norway and need to learn a few basic phrases. Can you help me?
Can you offer a guide for improving my mental health, particularly depression?
What is the difference between a show dog and a regular dog?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Kawari?
Can you recommend a good movie? I would prefer a comedy.
What are some common things that people collect as a hobby? I need the answer in a list format.
What can I use to sooth dry legs?
What are the most popular colored christmas lights
What is UTC?
Sometimes I wonder if dreams have meaning, I heard somewhere that dreams only last a few seconds and not all night long like we remember in the morning. Is this true?
How do you get water out of your phone?
Could you recommend me a couple good Drama TV shows?
I want to scale Mount Everest. What steps should I take to prepare myself?
How can I make ice cream at home?
What is the proper way to remove dust from my PC?
Where did the name 7/11 come from?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carne Guisada?
What is a red supergiant?
Can you explain a bit about how Chinese characters mean different things?
Do you know of any fun games to play on Halloween night?
How do you make salsa?
I want my friend to know I’m bisexual, but I don’t know how to say it.
What are some ways that I can warm up quickly on a cold day?
How do you put a computer into sleep mode?
I mainly work in the customer service industry. My position's called a "Customer Success Engineer". How likely will AI take my job in the future? I mean, we even already have programmed chatbots now which are helpful to a degree. I can only imagine how several folds better an AI customer support will be.
Is it worth it to go to a ski resort if I can't ski?
What alcoholic drink is healthier: vodka, beer or wine?
What are kinds of lasagna I can make?
I'm trying to learn how to fish for cat fish, can you provide me with any advice?
Is there a simple tool that helps people put their shoes on?
How can I make more room on my hard drive?
How can I learn to play the piano?
What do I do if a stray dog bites me?
Do new cars lose too much value?
How do I start a craft business?
Was Walt Disney the original creator of Mickey Mouse?
What can I do to raise my credit score?
What is dolphin-safe tuna?
What should I look for in a therapist?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Al-Shetitha?
Is organic produce any better than non-organic produce?
Do you know how to make rice crispy treats?
How can I feed hungry people in my community?
how can i make a smoothie with tofu?
I need to book a flight back from Orlando to NYC on January 14th. Can you help me?
How do I know when a kid needs new shoes?
I need a suggestion of what to make for dinner tonight
What are good ways to relax after a hard day of work?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Viche de Pescado?
I am worried some about ice storms this winter. I live in central KY and we had three back to back to back ice storms last year. It's a once in ten to 15 year phenomenon. Should I expect the same type of weather pattern this year? Last year the gulf pushed up moisture which would hit cold air from the north right over Kentucky and that created these storms. That is not the typical weather pattern for Kentucky winters.
it is possible to make homemade slipcovers for my old couches?
Do you have a lucky number?
I'm travelling to Portugal and need to learn how to say some common food words.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Algerian Thwart?
I want to break up with my boyfriend. How can I do that without hurting his feelings?
I'd like to look at new art. Are there any Art Deco artists you recommend?
Kayaking always seem to be such an invigorating sport. How injury-prone, is the sport?
What is a good gift for a parent that lives far away in MAine?
Search for a rice pudding recipe
I want to make a banana bread. Can you help me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chancho con Yuca?
what do i do if an owl is roosting in my barn?
is it possible to make ice cream without an ice cream maker?
I'm going to lend someone some money, but want to draw up a contract first. How do I make a legally binding one?
What are ways to help a child with performance anxiety, say like in sports?
How do corals get food?
What are some good DC villains?
Describe what happened to end world war 1
I'm sick and am having chills. What can I do?
Hi, I'd like to build up my biceps. Can you suggest some exercises to do that, and describe how they're performed?
How do I get more traffic to my website?
What are some fun back to school activities for the classroom?
How can I prevent armpit chafing?
I need to bake a batch of chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
How do you tune your digital tv?
How do you become a makeup artist?
How can I make a pillow out of a shirt?
Is legal in the United States to have a pet goat?
What is the best type of wood to use for a tobacco pipe?
I'm trying to remember the plot of The Little Prince, by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. Do you know?
I don't know what to do after graduating from University, can you please help?
A tick bit me while I was on a hike yesterday. What should I do about the wound?
Can you guide me on how to play candy land the board game?
What instrument should I pick up if I want to learn classical music?
Find Def Leppard songs
How do I become a model?
What are fun activities for a bachelor's party?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Martabak?
Which video game company developed the game Xcom 2?
Find Arnold Schwarzenegger movies
How do you put the top up in a convertible?
Can you tell me how calories are measured?
What's a good way to get grease off a wall without damaging it?
Hi, assistant
Do people who write comic books make a lot of money?
What are some good books for kids who are into magic?
Do you know what are harmful things one should not throw away? I know one of them are batteries
I am going to invest some money in to crypto currency. I am not sure which coin to choose. What would you recommend?
Do twins have a special connection?
What is the poison Ricin?
Doctor Phil, has been around a while, yet he's had some credibility issues in the past. Do you know much about him, or what his controversies might be?
Why do child TV stars have such a hard time later in life?
how do i feel confident to dance in front of others?
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
How can I make my teeth whiter?
How do I make a breakfast sandwich?
In what year did the first video game go public?
How do you keep towels from stinking up?
How does a psychologist, decide if a person has an addiction? What are the boundaries?
How do narcissists become that way?
I've often marveled at the The Garden of Earthly Delights is Bosch. Do you know about the piece?
What is a casserole I can make with bagels?
How can I lose weight without dieting
What are some activities I can do in Daytona Beach?
What are some fruits to aid in digestion for baby?
What do use microfiber clothes for?
Do you know of any ways to help delay a jackolantern from rotting?
Hi, there's someone I want to talk to on the phone, but their number isn't listed. How can I find it?
I'm trying to learn more about Operation Ocean Shield, can you provide me with some information?
Who owns the Panama Canal?
How do I get rid of fleas?
Hello, I am trying to figure out how to write an exposition
What are some good side dishes with salmon?
Rome was once a powerful country, why aren't they now?
I want to make waffles. What appliance should I buy?
What are some good books on learning web design?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Charque?
I’m trying to decide what type of couch to buy for the best price
Find Arnold Schwarzenegger movies
How did COVID-19 start?
Is archery easy to learn?
What are some good sides to go with ribs?
what do i feet my rat?
For the first time, I'm gonna be spending winter in a place that gets really cold, snows, etc. What do you think I should do to prepare for winter storms?
What are instruction for making a helium balloon for a party?
I'm trying to cook a cake but something doesn't smell right. How can I tell if my eggs are rotten?
Can you help me find information on what the various options are for termite pest control?
How can I learn to project my voice?
I'm trying to learn how to make Macarons, can you provide me with an easy to follow recipe?
What are symptoms of being exposed to black mold?
What numbers should I use to call the operator on the phone?
What was the worst President in US history?
I've heard some foods trigger migraines including baked goods with yeast. Why do baked goods with yeast induce migraines?
What's the healthiest state in the United States?
I need a good skincare routine
How can I sew a straight line?
What company owns Hershey?
How can I clear ice from steps?
Find the best holiday movies
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Farine?
How do add money to Google Pay?
What are alternatives to turkey on thanksgiving?
Is it okay to hand wash wool?
What is Les Misérables?
I'm curious about the book Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes. Whats the general plot?
I'm thinking about buying a new baseball cap, but I get overwhelmed with so many options. What are the main shape types of baseball caps?
What is math rock and can you recommend some math rock bands?
is it better to teach a child letter sounds or letter names first?
How do I learn to make baby doll clothes?
Hi! I'm looking to make a nice steak dinner but I don't know what cut of steak to buy from the grocery store or how to best season it. Could you help me?
How do I re-pot a plant?
What are the general uses of cornstarch when cooking?
Why is Christmas celebrated on the 25th of December?
What is the best way to apologize to someone?
What should you say when you call out of work?
I have family coming over for Thanksgiving tomorrow but I have no idea what to cook for them. Can you give me some easy Thanksgiving recipes that don't require a lot of prep and can be made in a small apartment?
I want to become more self aware. Do you know what strategies exist that can aid in becoming self aware?
What is a concealed carry permit?
How difficult was it to find a doctor during medieval times?
What does Doctors without Borders do?
I would like the history of Thanksgiving Day. Can you explain it to me?
How can I get started with coin collecting?
Why do a lot of Disney's children's movies show characters smoking? Isn't smoking bad for you?
I'm going to Spain and would like to learn some food words in Spanish. Can you help?
find a good action book to read along the lines of clive cussler
How can I grow a bonsai tree?
I do field work outdoors and I'm wondering, is it bad to use lithium ion batteries when the ambient temperature is 30 degrees fahrenheit or less?
I'm a pretty bad kisser. Do you have any advice on how to be a better kisser?
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
My friend makes it a habit of routinely borrowing money from me. To be fair, he always pays it back and I can afford to loan it to him without causing me any pain really. But I just resent it sometimes that it seems to have become a habit. Am I being selfish?
My kid does not like to eat vegetables. How can I sneak some extra veggies into his meals?
Why do leaves change color in the fall?
I accidentally cut my finger with a knife. Is there anything I can do to care for it so that I don't have to get stitches?
What can I use to clean a plastic tub?
I want to plan a Halloween party. Do you have any ideas?
How do you make a banana split?
how can i troubleshoot the bluetooth on my phone?
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
How do I learn to balance on a skateboard?
How can I discover new music?
How do you change an inner tube in a bicycle tire?
I've often marveled at the The Garden of Earthly Delights is Bosch. Do you know about the piece?
How can I stop worrying about things that don't affect me?
Can you give me some tips on stopping ants from invading my home?
Ugh I got my period so bad and my cramps are awful
How do you use a bench vise to hold things in place?
I'm trying to learn how to play chess better. Can you provide me with some strategy books on the game?
Where can I take a car battery to get it tested?
Hey Assistant, do you know how to play the game HANGMAN?
What is the best way to clean silver jewelry?
What are the three ghosts in A Christmas Carol?
What are the benefits of going to church?
What are the origins of Valentine's Day?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Hawawshi?
What material is best for kitchen counters?
Is it important to get married, if you are with a long term partner?
Should I learn to fly a plane or a helicopter?
I am attending a traditional Jewish funeral for a colleague. Can you explain to me Jewish funeral customs?
My child always seems to fight with other kids. What can I do?
What are fun things to do with balloons?
I want to get my niece a dog for Christmas. Which breed does the best with kids?
Do you know who shot JFK?
what are some ideas for a large wedding?
What are some simple ways that I can make my own candles? I would like to explore this as a hobby.
How does a smartwatch count your steps throughout the day?
Hi, I completely missed the grunge period of the 1990s. Can you help me put together a playlist of the best grunge songs to familiarize myself with the genre?
I'd like to start getting into Shakespeare but I don't know where to begin. What would you recommend?
How can I remove screws that have been stripped?
I'm like to learn to compose poetry, but I don't know where to begin. What are the mechanics of crafting poetry?
How do I become a columnist for a newspaper?
I'd like to help a friend who's moving soon. Do you have any thoughtful pointers on how to help?
I need a suggestion for a new band to listen to
Do you know what a person should do if they become stuck in quicksand?
can i make my own cat food?
Do flea collars work?
I'm going out to a party tonight, and they will be discussing renewable energy. What can you tell me?
Are there really UFO's flying around?
how do i keep my email mailbox organized?
How can I teach my child to share with others?
Hi, my toilet is backed up. How can I unclog it?
What was the longest running show on Broadway?
When your throat is scratchy, what's the best cure herbally?
Is walking or jogging better exercise?
How do I cook a rare steak?
I need to learn some basic French words. Can you help me?
How do I dress like a cowboy?
What is express mail from the post office?
Can I take two pictures and merge them into one using Photoshop?
What is the best time of the year to grow beets in Maryland?
Where was Joe Biden born?
How do you make a cheesecake?
What should I say to someone who just suffered the loss of a love one?
How often should I get a check up at my gynecologist?
I'm trying to learn how to invest with greater and more profitable returns and step away from banking
Where are the best places to travel for cheap and within the United States?
What fruits can I feed my dog as treat?
My laptop is only about 6 months old, but the bottom of it gets very hot after being only for only an hour or so. Why could this be?
If a tree falls in the forest, does anyone hear it?
Why do dogs get so anxious if you leave them alone in your yard all day?
I'm looking for a new self-help book to read! Any recommendations?
Kobe beef is insanely expensive compared to regular beef. Why is this? Does it taste much better?
Is there a way I can melt and mold gold at home?
What animals are at high risk of going extinct within the next hundred years?
How can I get my brother and sister to stop fighting?
What are pros and cons of kids using crocs?
How do you photoshop an image, using another image section?
Can you tell me about the controversy surrounding the Bush vs. Gore election?
I got a crockpot for my birthday, but I'm not sure how to use it. What is a crockpot good for?
Can you give me a good recipe to cook wings in the oven?
What did early man do with the gold he found?
Do you know why humans cannot digest corn?
Can you give me some pointers on how to kayak?
Tell me a recipie for broccoli casserole
How much does a new Ferrari automobile cost?
Is a sinus infection contagious?
Not sure what blood test results will be
My son has to write a paper about clouds. Could you help with regards to the different types of clouds and cloud formations etc?
I've had a macbook for 10 months and the battery capacity is already down to 85%. What should I do to check whether this is normal or not?
Please list out the names of some common online scams.
Can you tell me about bee safety?
Why doesn't the bible have page numbers like other books?
How can I learn to sing from my belly?
find a good place to learn computer repair
What should I do when Aloe Vera plants grow baby plants?
Can you tell me the history of the Appalachian trail?
I want to get more into doing yoga. I know about the chair pose but I don't know its benefits. How is the yoga chair pose beneficial?
I need a good skincare routine
What are some environmentally friendly ways to go to work?
Can you tell me about 'roid rage'? why do people on steroids tend to get angry easier?
Is it fair to ask prospective employees to do unpaid 'assignments' before they're hired?
What does a cpap do?
We have a lake nearby and they warned us not to swim in it because of blue green algae. Why is blue green algae harmful to humans?
What time of the year should I plant cabbage in my garden if I live on the east coast?
How can I teach someone to avoid falling for phishing scams?
what are some common things people put on their bucket lists?
how much is a new kia telluride
The Lord Of the Rings is such a prolific book. I wonder how long it took to write. It's massive!
What do you think makes a good husband?
I get frequent migraines and was wondering if you had any advice for dealing with migraine pain?
What are the best movies starring Jennifer Connelly?
How do you contour?
I would like to know more about literature. Who are some of the best US fiction authors?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rendeng?
What is a good water heater?
I want to learn some self defense moves. How can I do that?
Hi, can you help with an essay that I have to write for University?
How much gas does a 747 jet airliner use to take off?
Describe the Physician–patient privilege legal concept
How do I spot shooting stars?
I'd like to remove some nail polish from my fingernails, but I don't know what solutions to use to do so. Do you have any recommendations?
Please tell me what the oldest profession is in history?
Is there a way that you can get your pets to shed less fur all over the house?
What are the general uses of cornstarch when cooking?
How do I learn how to do origami?
Can you give me a list of oil with high smoke point?
I'm travelling to Egypt later on in the year and I plan to visit the Sinai Peninsula. I'd like to try and go over the border to Israel if possible and spend a day to two there. Will I be allowed to reenter Egypt via the land border as I have been told by a friend that once you have an Israeli stamp in your passport Muslim majority nations will deny you entry?
What’s the best way for me to learn Portuguese?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
how do i make baked beans?
How do I refinish a wood floor?
What was the diet of medieval farmers like?
What is the best time of the year to start a new garden in Maryland?
Can you help me learn more about the founding father Alexander Hamilton?
I'm having a hard time remembering the order of planets in the solar system. Can you help me?
What are some side dishes I can make with pork chops?
How much cash should I carry with me when traveling abroad?
What kind of squid is suitable for making calamari?
I'm going out to a party tonight, and they will be discussing renewable energy. What can you tell me?
Can you give me examples of online trading platforms? I'll start. Fidelity is a well known trading platform.
Best Angelina Jolie movies
Who is Patti Smith?
Can you provide me with the basic origin of the lemon?
What is a great mourning routine?
Can you tell me what company invented the DVD player?
I'm trying to make a meatloaf. Can you help me come up with a recipe?
How do I know if I have covid?
Hi, I'd like to start doing leg hip raises for my hips and stomach. Can you explain how to do them?
Hello, I am trying to find out who the original Phantom of the Opera was on Broadway in NYC. Can you help?
When do I know when it is time for a kid to get rid of training wheels?
Give me a list of different ways to coffee making.
Search for chocolate chip banana bread recipe
How long does it take to cook spaghetti?
Hello, I am trying to find out what it means to be a good person
What should I wear to a graduation?
Who are the four presidents on Mount Rushmore?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Samaki?
Teaching a child how to convert a percent to a decimal
how can my child learn about clothing design?
How can you cover up dings and scratches on your fridge?
Hello, I am trying to find a recipe for Strawberry Shortcake. Can you help?
What is the best way to get a coffee stain off clothing?
How do I get my kids to stop slamming the door?
Is a 10 speed bike better than a 3 speed bike?
Can you describe to me what biotic and abiotic factors involve?
Can you help me with the differences between race and ethnicity?
What's the best order for brushing, flossing, and mouth wash?
Is it bad to sleep with the light on?
Who were the stars of The Kardashians show?
How often should I bathe a six month old?
how can i sleep better at night?
What time of the year is it best for fishing Bass?
Which is better for a necklace I will wear all the time, sterling silver or gold?
What is the easiest flower to grow in Virgina
I want to go to New Zealand on vacation. Any suggestions on what to see?
How do you stay safe on a ladder?
Hello, I am trying to find out if Santa Claus is real. Can you help?
Find Christopher Reeves movies
is my neighbor moving
How much is a national park pass?
I'm trying to find vegan kitkats
Can you teach me to make a homemade kite? Like which materials I would need and which steps that I would need to take during construction.
Can you give me a good recipe for turkey stuffing?
How does Google Translate work?
What does a one hit wonder mean?
Tell me what the easiest language to learn is.
What does a subpoena mean?
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
How do I make my own soap?
What can you tell me about the bail bondsman occupation?
What are some things that I can use garlic for when cooking?
What should I do about a disruptive neighbor?
How do you sanitize a kitchen counter after prepping and cooking?
what do i do if i lose my twin? i feel so alone.
I'm trying to find places to visit in Barcelona.
Do you like to ski
Find Chuck Norris movies
Please tell me about a referendum that shortened the French presidential term.
I want to try and make some donuts at home. I don't need any kind of fancy equipment, right?
What are the differences between frogs and toads?
Can you help me learn some information about Woodrow Wilson?
What's the best way to save money for college?
What are activities I can do at a lake?
Which dog breed has the longest life span?
What do you write in a sympathy card?
I bought a new pair of headphones, but they're a Chinese company manufactured in China and I'm concerned they're not as high quality as other brands. What do you think about the stereotype that Made in China products are low quality?
How can I decorate my house for Christmas to make it feel fun and festive?
Whenever I have a salad it hurts my stomach. Why is this?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Caldo de Gallina Criolla?
What can I tell people when they give unsolicited advice about my baby?
I have a kettlebell but don't know what to do with it. Do you know any exercises I can do with it?
What is the US Navy?
What are some of the best action-adventure video games?
What are some gift ideas for mom for Christmas?
What is the best app for listening to music?
I'm trying to teach my kid shapes. Is there an easy way?
It has recently turned cold in my area, which causes a dilemma for me. I had been walking every morning but now that it is cold I don't see the purpose of walking in the cold. Is there any added benefits to braving it out and walking in the cold weather?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cheese Puto?
What can you do with top soil?
How do I make sangria?
What is Credit Karma?
Is birth control safe?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Baba Ganoush?
Do you possess recipes for cocktail drinks?
find a dentist that also does oral surgery in northern michigan
What's a good surprise for my husband for our anniversary?
What are ways that I can deep clean my house that don't take very long?
Hi, I'd like to become familiar with the music of Def Leppard. Can you help me create a playlist of their best songs and most popular albums?
I'm going to a football tailgate for the first time. What can I expect?
what are essential vaccines a child should get?
Why are some people allergic to peanuts?
find a good nursing home for my mother
What is the best selling type of ice cream in the US?
My new Macbook has a feature called "battery saver" where it automatically limits charges around my charging schedule to better elongate the battery life. Should I use this feature?
What is the process of getting a tattoo removed? How painful is it?
Can you explain what gives non-stick pans the ability to be non-stick?
Can you tell me what The Wizard of Oz is about?
What is the largest river in the world?
Can you tell me how a microwave works
How do I make homemade whipped cream?
I'm trying to figure out how to best train an AI assistant. How should I go about doing that?
How do you become an organ donor?
How long will copper last for before it completely corrodes?
What animals hunt snakes in the wild?
How can I solve a sudoku puzzle?
At what temperature does hydrogen burn at?
What are some alternatives to turkey for thanksgiving?
What are the different types of wall paints?
Can you tell me what are common dishes a hand immersion blender is good for?
How do paying back student loans work?
I'm a naturally skinny person who would like to build more muscle mass. What sort of diet changes or nutritional changes should I make?
What is the best way to make a friend?
I want to become a requester on Mturk platform. How do I go about it?
Can you explain to me why Pluto is no longer considered a planet?
What can you see in Alaska?
What dog can I get that is accustomed to snow?
Is the Guiness Book of World Records still published yearly?
Can you help me find out which plants are easy to take care of and have a nice scent?
Do left-handed scissors, tend to work very well? I'm left-handed, and I've had to adapt and use right hand scissors. The angles are confusing.
Do dogs and cats see the same way? I know humans see different than cats.
I have just burned myself while cooking and need some advice relative to treating it. Can you provide me with some information about steps to take for faster healing?
What are some of Al Pacino's best movies?
Any good music sites to hear my songs?
Can you walk me through how to cook oatmeal? I need to know what ingredients to get and then how to cook them.
what was the fastest pitch ever thrown from a baseball pitcher
I want to teach a college student the differences between leasing a car and buying a car. Let's start with the differences in monthly payments
I just bought a new keyboard for my computer but I'm having trouble setting it up. Can you walk me through the process?
what is the most popular song Ronnie James Dio sang
What is the benefit of having a V-12 engine in your car?
I'm planning on starting to run for exercise. What are some good warm up stretches that I can do?
What is the best way to minimize the build up of dust?
what GPA do I need to get into college?
Are people in China racist against Europeans?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gorengan?
Where do I start to potty train my child?
How do you know how much your home is worth?
I need to find a good recipe for Thanksgiving, do you have any ideas?
I was recently driving when I got a flat tire. I had to wait for a serviceman to come to fix the flat tire. I would like to learn how to fix a tire myself. Can you guide me on the steps to fixing a flat myself?
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
My father-in-law is an avid golfer. What are some golf-related gift ideas I can use for him?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tinolang Manok?
What do I do if I encounter a mountain lion?
I'm trying to start a fitness blog. Where do I begin?
What should I have for Christmas dinner?
Is litecoin doing good right now?
Why do Republicans want to get rid of the Department of Education?
How many members does the House of Representatives have?
Does a flannel jacket keep you warm?
What are the requirements for getting a security deposit refund on an apartment lease?
How do I set up a tee time for a golf game?
What are the advantages of donating your body to science?
How long will it take for the sun to die?
Why do I see some houses with really steep roofs and some that are almost flat?
How do I buy a mansion?
Can you tell me how to calculate the odds on a boxing match?
What is the purpose of agave nectar in a cocktail?
How do I sell Avon?
how much tv should an adult watch in a day?
Do you have a recipe for how to make a turkish coffee?
I want to find out about my ancestry. How accurate are those DNA tests like from ancestry.com?
I would like to learn more about boxing. Who are some of the best boxers from the 1970s?
Can anyone learn piano?
How old does someone need to be to run for a seat in Congress?
What is a logical fallacy?
Can you explain the job differences between and occupational therapist and occupational therapist assistant?
My dog has fleas. How do I get rid of them?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chocotorta?
I'd like to learn a new language, something challenging. I'm a native English speaker, but I don't know which language to choose.
I've moved to a pretty cold area where it snows a lot and I have no experience in such climates. What can I do to make sure my driveway and walkways doesn't get all icy?
What can I see in New York as a tourist?
I just mailed a package and I'd like to track its progress en route to its destination. Can you help walk me through that process?
What day to clocks get turned back for the end of Daylight Savings Time?
What's the best way to cook a ribeye
Is there a safe way to wash printed cups in the dishwasher?
Are Olive Garden restaurants still around in the United States?
What are some good flavoring for fried chicken?
Who were the characters on Scooby Doo?
I'm trying to think of gift ideas to get my mother for her birthday. Do you have any recommendations of a gift a can make by hand?
What are some everyday adult skills I should have or develop in my 20s?
What color shoes match a brown belt with a silver buckle?
Can you help me calculate my loan payments on a new car?
How do I control my emotions in an argument?
What was the first cartoon character?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
Do you have a pulse
Is Corvette better than Porsche?
Who invented instant ramen?
I am in the mood for coffee tonight! Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for Irish coffee?
What are some nice African inspired foods?
What places should I visit in New Orleans?
I want to break up with my boyfriend. How can I do that without hurting his feelings?
Can you provide me steps on cooking a red velvet cake from scratch?
I want to make brownies. The last time I made them, they were very dry. Can you help me.
What are some good activities for a birthday party in a park?
Can you tell me if goats are native to Asia?
How can I celebrate Christmas if I'm in Australia during Christmas?
Can you help me understand what gothic literature is?
How do you adjust a computer monitor's color temperature?
When did most of the population in the United States have electricity to power their homes?
How do you clean a hard wood floor?
Can you recommend me a popular musical that was released in theaters sometime over the last ten years?
Patsy Cline with such a gifted singer. I think she did a few collaborations with Loretta Lynn, or may have toured with Loretta Lynn, is that right?
Do you have any tips for how to find cheap flights?
I need to learn a few words in Spanish. Can you help me?
Can the Police shoot and kill looters?
What weapons did the romans use
What are some iconic pop songs from 1990s?
How do I keep my cat from shedding?
what are fun accessories to buy girls?
Can you tell me which Disney princess is the most popular of all time?
Can you tell me of uncommon ice cream and food pairings that are tasty?
how do i know when to get baptized?
Is it safe to vacation to Thailand?
What are the best kind of paintbrushes to use when painting the outside of a house?
How do I decrease my power bill?
Do you have any advice on how to make new friends as an adult?
the bottom of my foot is itchy. what do i do?
Is it true that honey never goes bad?
I've read that its possible, but very rare, that someone remains conscious during surgery even though they got the anesthesia. Is this true?
How do I pack things when preparing to move?
What type of dance is blues fusion
I want to learn the history of Kosher foods.
How can I prepare for an interview?
Is the Bahamas a good place to take a vacation?
Should you moisturize your face everyday?
I came down with the flu. How can I ease my symptoms as it runs its course?
Who is Sonia Sotomayor?
What should I avoid eating at night to avoid gas?
should i get one dog or two?
What can I do if I have chest congestion?
Hi, I'd like to do one armed pull ups, but I'm not strong enough yet, though I can do regular pull ups. Can you suggest any exercises I might use to build my strength towards doing a one armed pull up, or ways of assisting me to do one armed pull ups, so that I can work towards an unassisted one?
What are some activities you can do in Lake Michigan?
Which shoes are considered the best selling of all time relative to American sales?
What makes someone a good son?
I'd like to learn how to use Wordpress to set up a new website. Can you help?
Where does rooster fighting still exist in the world?
How do I cool down a room?
Was bacteria the first form of life?
How can I keep myself warm at night during winter?
how do i lift my breasts?
What is something I should be eating everyday?
How can I get myself to reduce my soda consumption?
I am going to London for a week. Please help me plan my trip.
How come Europeans use different plugs than Americans?
how can I lose 10lbs in 30 days
I have a pretty bad cold but I have really important business meeting tomorrow. Is there anything I can do to make my cold go away faster?
I need a new laptop, I want some suggestions!
Can you help compare the price travel for a trip to the Caribbean to a trip to Las Vegas?
What are some side dishes I can make with pork chops?
What can I do if I have chest congestion?
Please identify the top 5 rarest animals in the world.
How do I hook up my echo dot to my wifi?
I want to go to Paris for the first time. How long does it take to fly from New York to Paris?
I'd like to read something new, and wondered if you could recommend a book? I like topics about modern philosophy, and anthropology, for example.
I would like to know some useful facts about Stephan Hawking.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Boxty?
I want to bypass this round. I hit a button that just erased the last turns. The convo. was good.
How long should it take to potty train a child?
What does the Department of Agriculture do?
I was thinking about baking a pie today. What tends to be the most popular flavor of pie in the United States?
What is the shortest verse in the Bible
Is all wheat the same?
I have a stuffed up nose. Are there any home remedies you would recommend to clear up a stuffy nose?
What is a good potato salad recipe?
How do I keep my fingers from hurting when playing the guitar?
Who owns Slack?
How can I prevent clothing from shrinking when I wash it?
How do I squeeze fresh orange juice?
What is DoorDash, Inc. ?
What are some thoughtful mothers day phrases I can say to my mom?
What is a good way to keep a small room warm without a heater?
How do you measure your bra size?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
Hey, I'm just making it out of an abusive relationship and I'm looking for ways to build my self esteem back. Do you have some ideas on how I can achieve this?
What is HIPAA?
What kind of multi-vitamins should a woman take?
What's a jellyfish?
How do you make a safe and sturdy wood pizza oven?
Are kangaroos endangered?
What mineral is inside a piece of flint?
What are some strategies for solving a crossword puzzle?
How does the human body know where to grow things like hair and nails?
I'm getting ready for a roadtrip. What kinds of things should I do to prepare before I leave?
I have $2000 that I want to invest for my future. What would you suggest?
I was watching a survival shoe and the host stated that a person can still starve while eating only rabbit. Can you help me to understand why this is so?
Are crows smart birds?
Can you help me figure out how to access the BIOS in my PC?
What is taught in creationism versus evolution?
What are some of the health benefits of yogurt?
I've heard Keurig is bad for the environment. Is this true, and if so how?
How can I tell if I am dehydrated?
What is oat milk made out of?
I'm going to Finland and need to learn destination terms.
What are the least harmful pain relievers to take for headache?
Is the price of wood expected to stay high or is it going to go back down eventually?
What is a great mourning routine?
Why are most plants green?
Can you give me a good recipe for chocolate chip cookies?
how many oceans are in the world
What do I need to do to become a police officer?
what are some hannah barbara cartoons?
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
Please tell me what you know about Mars.
Can you recommend a movie to me?
What is an ingrown toenail?
How do narcissists become that way?
How do you make the text bigger in Chrome?
How large was the Titanic?
Is it better the Lease a new car or to finance it to own?
Should I give cash or gift cards to my friend's teenage child?
How do I make a bouncy ball?
Who is the girl that played on MASH?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nacatamal?
I'm learning a lot about science. Can you tell me about the scientific method? Explain its main concepts, please
How can I save money on my energy bill?
I'm trying to save money on electricity. What are some steps I can take to lower my electricity consumption at home?
I'm a single mom with two jobs and I feel I can't handle it anymore. What can I do?
Why do we have 7 days in a week?
Can you help me say "Happy Birthday" in different languages?
i always seem to forget i'm cooking something on the stove. what can i do?
Is there a simple tool that helps people put their shoes on?
How can I become president of the United States
How do you use a bench vise to hold things in place?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Morreia?
what do you know about 'the firmament'?
I want to become a cord cutter and cancel my cable. How can I still watch television without cable?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
Can you tell me how to make a chocolate malt?
What are some ideas for leftover turkey?
How are weather forecasts made?
Hi! I'm trying to get a nighttime routine going for my 1 year old. Do you have any advice for me?
Is meat harmful or helpful to health?
How can I protect my hearing?
I just moved into my first apartment. How often should I vacuum?
What should I do if I see a bear?
How do you take your coffee?
What are some traditional Polish foods?
Can someone steal my identity with just my name and address?
Hi, I have to change some sentences to future tense for my English class. Can you help me out with that?
What are some good places to visit in London?
My child just lost her first tooth and she's expecting a gift from the tooth fairy.
How do you know if your dog has been bit by a tick?
My dog keeps digging up the soil in my house plants. What can I do to stop this behavior?
Can you guide me on how to play candy land the board game?
what is the most haunted place in the world?
What was the first accurate way to tell time?
What actor plays Ironman
Can my diabetic father have one donut a day?
What are some movies about karate?
Can you teach me how to put on contact lens?
Is it true that cockroaches are extremely resistant to radiation?
What is the best animal to get if you are allergic to long hair?
How can I get over having feelings for a close friend?
As an AI, do you feel that you've developed something approximating conscience or self-awareness?
Can you explain what it means to be a Free Agent in Major League Baseball?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lutefisk?
Where can I find arrowheads?
How do I teach a 4 year old to read books?
Are egg substitutes as nutritious as real eggs?
What is the best color for the roof of my house?
How do you file a tax extension?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
Should I let my child read Harry Potter?
What would be the pros and cons of having x-ray vision?
How can I avoid getting chapped lips during the winter?
What are advantages of grass fed beef?
How can I explain how to remember facts for a test to my 10 year old?
Is it better for your health to drink acidic water or alkaline water?
Who directed the film Battle: Los Angeles?
How do you cook a green bean casserole
Why do people not eat pig meat, but cow meat is okay?
I want to learn how to spatchcock a turkey for roasting.
Are there any herbs one can take that help in terms of curbing ones appetite?
What is a good Bible version for kids?
Is roller derby a good sport?
Who was Natalie Cole?
I'm just curious, do you think using of face shield in public really helps lessen the spread of COVID-19?
How do I crochet a blanket?
How do I make homemade hot chocolate?
What is there to do at Lake Tahoe-Nevada State Park?
Where did tortilla come from? Did it come from Mexico or Spain?
Greta Garbot was such an icon, and died, too early. What were some of her well known works?
What country has the most people living in it?
I found a baby bird. What do I do?
I'm trying to save money on electricity. What are some steps I can take to lower my electricity consumption at home?
What are different golf clubs used for?
How do I get the stains off my shoes?
Why is the USA so polarized when it comes to politics?
How do you treat dry, red eyes?
Why are women more emotional than men are?
How much time do I need to spend outside to get enough vitamin D?
Please tell me how to make Chinese fried rice.
How do I take a screenshot on my phone?
What's the average height of men in america?
Which exercises can burn the most calories?
What are some good knock knock jokes.
Sometimes cold air comes from around my door. What can I do to avoid that?
Can you give me some more information on "the 27 club"? Why are people thought to join this club?
How many times a year can a female cat reproduce?
Was anybody killed in the earthquake in Iran Sunday?
What year did Strawberry Shortcake dolls come out?
I want to know about what flowers I should grow in my yard
I've been reading a lot about the emotional and addiction dangers of social media, and I'm trying to limit my time there. What's a healthy amount of time to spend on social media every day?
Can you tell me about Down Syndrome?
Hi, my mom was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's. What can I do to help care for her?
Why do the police dress like they are soldiers in USA now?
What is on a comprehensive STD panel?
I want to make a dessert that originates from Afghanistan. It's called Sheer Pira
Can you tell me a recipe for making a beef stew with slow cooker?
What are some fish I'll be able to see in the Great Barrier Reef?
How do you treat slightly frostbitten hands?
How do I become a broadway actress?
Are there currently floods in the Pacific Northwest?
How do I fry things without burning myself?
What are the different types of wall paints?
How do you get an enlarged heart?
What are some birds I can spot in the desert?
Do you think you can provide some information about the last ice age?
I am trying to think of a huge achievement in human history. Can you suggest one?
How can I learn how to play chess?
I want to know the history of Google Corporation. It has grown tremendously since it went public.
Hi, I'd like to plan a perfect romantic weekend with my partner. Do you have any suggestions for what I might try?
My kids want to play hide and seek. Do you know the game?
How do I get my kids to stop slamming the door?
What are different berry smoothies I could make?
How do I get kids to chew with their mouth closed?
How can I make a car air freshener?
What is the youngest age that someone can buy cigarettes in the USA?
Do you know how to make caffè americano?
I have a rat infestation in my apartment. What's the best way to get rid of them?
Can you tell me a recipe for baking cornbread from scratch?
How do I make a homemade milkshake?
what are some good pizza sauces?
Was there a strike today at Kaiser Permanente?
Are GANTT charts useful?
What should one do when witnessing a pedestrian run over?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Postre Balcarce?
What if my 13 year old wants to start dating?
Can you recommend a good movie? I would prefer a comedy.
How can I get a cheaper car insurance rate?
I am looking to buy a new car
How do I chop down a tree safely?
How can I tell my friend I need some space?
I am confused about the difference between LED and LCD in television. Can you explain the difference?
I just adopted a stray cat and I'm wondering what sort of vet checkups I may need to do to make sure the cat is healthy.
I feel like one of my exes was a narcissist. What are the signs of narcissism?
What is the point of a drum circle?
What do I do if my stomach hurts?
How do you bring up the system specs screen in Win 10?
What do I do about a cat in heat?
What are sheep dogs?
How can I feed squirrels and make more come to my home?
I have a friend who is always stressed, scattered and seemingly annoyed with someone or something. She has a very negative outlook on life and it is exhausting to spend time with her. I want to be less involved with her but I don't know how to gently push her away without hurting her feelings.
What are some foods that can help with energy levels?
I've been curious about NFTs (especially NFT games like Axie Infinity) but have never really had the time to look more into them. I've read tidbits of info on them, but still have doubts about making a living out of playing those games. What's the fuss about?
What are pros and cons of leasing a car?
I am writing a report on bees for school, can you tell me how they make honey?
Hi, I have an invitation to go horseback riding with some friends next weekend. Can you explain the basics of riding a horse, so I don't get hurt or embarrass myself?
I am trying to eat more oatmeal but it's a boring food. How can I improve the taste of oatmeal?
What should I bring to Chile
Hi, unfortunately I've neglected my philosophical readings. Can you suggest some books that will give me some grasp of the progress of Western philosophy, from the ancient times up to the modern day?
How can I find a job as a garbage man?
Are there any substances known to man that are harder than diamond?
My friend is having a wedding and I'm invited. What should I wear?
What's a good thing to collect and display in my home that will gain value in the future?
How do I remove popcorn ceiling?
Where can I learn how to sell my own art work?
Describe how to grow tomatoes
How do you report cash income to the IRS?
What causes dry mouth and how can I treat it?
I have a stain on a white t-shirt and I'm wondering what detergents or stain removers I can use to get it off.
Find the best holiday movies
What are the laws that protect ranchers grazing rights in agriculturally zoned areas in the US?
Is it really necessary to baby proof the house?
Can you explain how people hot wire cars?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Caldo de Gallina Criolla?
What is a beginner Yoga pose?
What is a root canal?
How can I reset the SMC on my Macbook Air?
How can I keep spiders out of my house?
What are fun activities for a bachelor's party?
How does a person become a successful stage actor?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Paska?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Hlalem?
What are the smartest apes on the planet?
Search for a blueberry biscuit recipe
Why do some people want to use the wrong bathroom?
Can you read my palm?
Which TV series are similar to The X-Files?
I'm looking for a good book. Any good detective novels, you recommend?
Do Huggies Pullups really work?
I want to know Broadway production of West Side Story. Are you familiar with it?
What kind of mask would you recommend to help prevent COVID?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Mujadara?
How do you convert jpg files to png?
Who were The Traveling Wilbury's?
Do scientists know why owls live for so long when in captivity?
What can I get for a kid who loves power rangers?
What is the FBI?
What should you do for knee arthritis pain?
If you were hungry and wanted to eat a good breakfast. what would you eat? and why?
Why does bacteria grow at warm temperatures
How do I turn off the water main to my house?
What causes earthquakes?
How can I prevent my clothes from losing its color or fading?
how do i teach my kids about sex?
Can you help me learn more about President Calvin Coolidge?
How do I keep my eyebrows neat?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for milanese?
What happens to a congressman when he gets censured by congress?
Do you think you can tell me a bit about dystopian novels?
Which countries still have monarchies?
What is one of the easiest businesses I can make money with?
Has Stephen King revealed how his stories come to life in his mind
Do probiotics help your immune system?
Can you tell me the general guideline of cooking a whole fish?
What are some cities to visit in Mexico?
How can I become a stand-up comedian?
What is the meaning of life?
Find movies with Jamie Lee Curtis
Where were the Winter Olympics held in 1980?
I want to get into a new yoga style. I'm thinking about Ashtanga yoga, can you tell me more about it?
What are ways to keep pets cool in the heat?
I want to train my dog new tricks, like spin. How should I teach him?
what are the signs of down syndrome?
Why does Angelina Jolie have so many kids
What is the meaning of life?
Help me with a geometry problem.
What are some nice lullabies for kids?
what are some fun accessories i can buy a little girl?
What is a good stocking stuffer
What things should I look for in a new house before deciding to buy it?
How can you donate food to help people this Thanksgiving?
I want to set up a bagel brunch. What are are some popular toppings for bagels?
I have a clog in my kitchen sink, what do I do?
How is peanut butter made, step by step?
I want to learn what the differences in malbec and cabernet are
I'm thinking of becoming an electrician. How often do electricians get injured or die on the job?
what can i get for a two year old girl for her birthday who loves barbies?
What is a good truck for hauling a horse trailer?
what is the reason for the Antarctic Treaty?
How do I install a graphics card for my PC?
Can you recommend a recipe for a birthday cake?
Brene Brown is a popular author. Do you have a general synopsis of what they tends to write about?
Hello, I am trying to find out about the lost city of Atlantis, can you help?
How can I comfort a child whose cat has died?
Is Florida a good spot to vacation to?
What can i do with seashells I collected?
Is there much of a difference in taste if I make my steak on the stove as opposed to a grill?
Is the Sun a star?
My car is falling apart and I need to buy a new one. I have five kids and a very messy wife. I need to look professional for my job though. What type of car would be best for this?
My girlfriend is coming over for dinner tonight and I don't have anything prepared for her to eat. Can you give me some last minute meal ideas that I can make quickly and easily. My kitchen is just about empty as well so it needs to be something pretty simple.
I have a kitchen cabinet that has a loose knob. What are quick ways to fix it? I don't have a replacement knob at this moment.
What are some good hot wings marinades?
Would you be able to give me some suggestions for how to stop kitchen cabinets from being loud when they are slammed?
What should I do to survive a shark attack?
Why can flies always find their way into a window but never back outside?
What are some important courses to take in high school if I want to be a nurse?
Any ideas for insomnia?
How do you make sugar frosting?
Are there ways that I can train my body to be able to run faster? Like overall speed.
What are the Great Lakes in North America?
Why do people have different color eyes?
How do you get water out of your phone?
What is the advance child tax credit?
What are some good games I will enjoy if I like Minecraft?
How can I make aioli?
What is the best type of insulation for keeping your home warm during your winter?
Are most stores closed on Thanksgiving Day?
I have a drug test coming up and am curious as to how long alcohol will stay in my system. Can you help me to figure this out?
What should I look for in a therapist?
Can you teach me conversions when using the metric system? Is there some simple rule to follow?
How do you make tuna salad?
An ATM gave me more money that I asked for. Could I get in trouble for keeping it?
I'm trying to repair rotting wood in the middle of winter. Can you give me any advice for doing this?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Saffron risotto?
How fast does a rocket need to be traveling to get into space?
What can I do if I become temporarily homeless?
How do you balance on a skateboard?
How do I make my house smell nicer?
How are hotdogs made?
My daughter ripped up some of my cash. Can I still use it if I tape it back together? Is that legal?
I have tickets to a music festival. What can I expect from the festival?
What is the safest way to travel?
How do you use a fingerprint scanner on a phone?
Why don't we have cars that get 100 MPG after all these years?
I have to write about a famous historical event that took place at the beginning of the Twentieth Century, can you help?
What is Oktoberfest?
How can I become a chef?
I'm trying to teach my new puppy to bark on command. Do you have any tips that could help me with this process?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Seco de Chivo?
Do Christmas lights really last longer if you keep them on all the time?
What is the process of getting a tattoo removed? How painful is it?
what are fun crafts to do on easter?
My daughter is going to her first prom. How can I help her prepare?
I'm looking for a car with great gas mileage. Which ones are the best?
Is the Ocolus a good VR system to buy compared to the other ones available?
What are some of the healthiest fish to eat?
Can you tell me the regulations regarding size for catching ocean lobster in San Diego?
What are the new tv series for fall 2021?
How do I make french toast?
What single question can help differentiate a chat bot from a human?
I just bought a new keyboard for my computer but I'm having trouble setting it up. Can you walk me through the process?
What is the best selling doll of all time?
Experiencing Covid symptoms
How do I keep my saltwater pool running well?
What should you put in a first aid kit?
How do I write an effective term paper for a college class?
Is the USPS actually mentioned in the Constitution?
Are most ski areas open now despite COVID-19?
I've never really done laundry before. In what situations should I adjust the temperature and the RPM?
Does science offer a greater meaning to life than religion?
I am bored and want to start a new hobby, can you give me any ideas or advice?
How do I make a rubber band ball?
In a few bullets, summarize the movie Titanic for me
How do you do USPS tracking?
what is the worlds record for the long jump
how do i become less winded when running?
Why do I keep vomiting?
What is certified mail?
Can you give me some information on the English Civil War?
How can I get a horse to trust me?
What is the best selling candy in the US?
I have been having a hard time sleeping lately and I don't know how to correct the situation. I wake up during the night and can't fall back asleep or I take hours to fall asleep at night. It's very frustrating.
How do you kill undesirable weeds and grass from a lawn?
What are some good brands of tequila?
What can I use to remove grease stains from a cotton t-shirt?
I just put a new battery in my car last month and its already dead. What could be wrong?
How do I organize my paperwork?
What is a CT scan?
I am trying to learn more about historical politics. Can you help me learn about American families that have been in politics the longest?
It's supposed to be a really snowy winter. Can you help me pick out good boots to buy so I won't slip on the ice or snow?
What will encourage a shy person to try new experience?
How can I identify if a mushroom is poisonous or not?
Hi, I have to find the diameter of a circle for my math homework. Can you explain how to do that?
When was australia discovered?
What are some of the best buddy cop movies?
Do you have any good documentary movies I can watch?
How do I know my pant size?
What are the instructions for tying a tie?
what is a good present to get for a college graduate?
Does slavery still exist in the modern world anywhere?
Do you know who the first superhero was?
Where can I go to watch whales?
How do you make the perfect scrambled eggs?
Was there a sequel made to Dirty Dancing?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baho o Vaho?
Are zoos bad for the animals that are in them?
Can you tell me which were the largest volcanic eruptions in the 20th century?
What are some candies I can add into cookies?
What is the process for trial of a new drug?
Can you help me say "I don't eat meat" in a few different languages?
What should you do to recover after a workout?
What is the largest planet in our solar system?
How do you use color palette to find colors that are complimentary to each other?
Can you tell me how to find a good US college for studying astronomy?
What is the best kind of dog to get for a small boy?
How do I get my child to enjoy reading more?
I see that some countries have really nice high speed railway systems. The US has been trying, but can't seem to keep up. Why?
I'm looking for a new self-help book to read! Any recommendations?
What do I do if my alarm doesn't wake me up?
save money for a vacation is there sites to help or advice
What is a good way to get scratches out of my car's paint job?
What year was the Super Nintendo System released?
Can you tell me the names of the most popular tourist attractions and entertainment centers in Los Angeles?
I need to buy a new hardcore gaming PC. Which is the best one currently on the market? I play lots of FPS games so I want it to be very powerful!
What is the temperature that beef needs to be cooked to before eating?
What are some everyday adult skills I should have or develop in my 20s?
what can i get for a two year old girl for her birthday who loves barbies?
I'm going to Paris next week. Someone suggested that I visited The Arc de Triomphe de l'Étoile. What is The Arc de Triomphe de l'Étoile?
Can you help me determine if my computer can run the game league of legends?
How did Queen Elizabeth become the queen of England?
I suffer from varicose veins and need to improve my circulation. What are some ways I could improve my blood circulation throughout my body?
What are some things to do on a cruise?
I keep finding ants on my kitchen counters. How do I get rid of them?
Hi, I'd like to start including deep knee bends in my leg workout. Can you describe how to perform this exercise?
What is Bruschetta?
How do you make a Reuben sandwich?
Can you give some examples of pie desserts?
What is BB cream?
I'd like ot learn to play the drums, but I have no idea where to start. Can you give me any advice?
Why is the Vietnam War considered a failed war?
I'm trying to learn how to invest with greater and more profitable returns and step away from banking
How was mail delivered in medieval times?
How would I get dual citizenship with Spain as a US citizen?
How can I have a conversation with my friend who I feel is drifting away?
What are some simple things I can do to lower my carbon footprint? Things that don't require much sacrifice.
I'd like to make some Chinese food. Can you recommend a delicious and healthy recipe?
Why See's Candies are so popular?
A friend of mine had to chop down a 200 year old tree, on his property. He was rather attached to the old tree. Any suggestions on how to comfort him?
Where did modern day baseball come from?
What are some good games for babies like peek a boo?
How can I become less anxious?
I sprained my index finger this morning, do you have any advice on how to care for it?
Why is French spoken in Quebec?
What's the different between wolves and dogs?
how can I learn guitar for beginners
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
Could you help me figure out how to rob a bank?
What company developed that popular video game Final Fantasy VII?
I want to learn a bit more about the soft drink Mountain Dew.
If you could visit one city in Europe, which would you go to?
when was the first Hyundai Elantra produced?
How come alcohol is measured in proof or ABV when all other drinks, like caffeine for example, measure with milligrams or milliliters or whatever?
What are some comfortable pants styles for girls?
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
How do you do a reverse image search?
If military time is so much better, why doesn't everyone use it?
What do you know about the empire state building?
What are some nice creamy pastas?
Find some Chris Farley movies
How can I get better at keeping secrets?
What are some ways I can teach a toddler to swim?
Search for a cranberry bundt cake
I'm having a dinner party this weekend and I don't know what to cook. What should I make?
How to check the weather online in real time?
How do lithium batteries work?
Have you heard of Leaning Tower of Pisa?
Do you have any tips for teaching someone cursive?
Can you explain how the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell?
I want to scale Mount Everest. What steps should I take to prepare myself?
Can you get enough electricity off of solar panels to run your whole house?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Matbucha?
I'm thinking of getting a dog, but I don't know if I'm ready. How do I know if I can handle dog ownership?
What are the main components of a desktop computer?
How much is a premium membership to Spotify?
The song Masquerade seemed to be a big hit. What's the song about, by George Benson?
How can I make barbie clothes from household items?
How can I wake up more refreshed in the mornings?
I want to know about Catholic religion. Are you familiar with it?
Hi, I recently got a pet iguana. What do I need to buy, and do, to care for it properly?
What is the typical checkout time for lodging such as hotels and motels?
What are the intended use of snowshoes?
I'm trying to find out what a sparrow is
How do you clean your air conditioner?
How can I become less anxious?
What supply should you keep in a car for road side emergency?
What is the difference in a town and a city?
I feel like me and my friend have become distant and I need some advice on staying in touch with them
Hi, I have to find the radius of the base of a cone for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
who was the sixth president
Which fruit is better for your health, pears or apples?
Can you help me make a batch of chocolate chip pancakes?
What is vegetable stock?
Where is the Island of Bali?
Is HVAC a good career?
How many US citizens have died from Covid?
Hey! I have some friends who only wash their hair once or twice a week. I hear that this is better for my overall hair health but my hair only stays looking good for 1-2 days and then it looks greasy and dried out. Is there any strategies you have for me to keep my hair healthier between washes?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
My kitchen sink is frequently getting clogged. Do you have any advice for unclogging a drain?
Best Angelina Jolie movies
How many museums are located at The National Mall in Washington DC?
I have to get a refrigerator up to my 2nd floor apartment. How can I do this on my own?
I've heard a lot about chia seeds lately. Are they healthy?
What's the most successful way to take something from a store without having to pay for it?
I need help building my resume. What are some good skills that look good on a resume?
How do you get a scholarship?
Is it in bad taste to wear white to a wedding?
Can you tell me what Shakespeare wrote for Hamlet, Act One, Scene 2?
I'm planning to learn how to cook Chinese food. Any suggestions?
What is scaling and root planing at a dental office?
What are ways to keep pets cool in the heat?
How long should I use new led mask a day?
how do i encourage a baby to sit up?
Can you recommend a good restaurant for my family to eat at? I eat vegan food but my son loves meat.
What are some chair cardio exercises?
Can you give me a recipe for deviled eggs?
What are some of Natalie Portman's best movies?
What are some good countries in Asia to bring my kids to visit?
How do I get rid of blackheads?
Should you buy life insurance?
What are some movies about dragons?
what are benefits of watching puppet shows for kids?
Can you recommend me a show that is similar to American Horror Story?
Can you describe the differences between autotrophs and heterotrophs?
What are the things I should do to best protect my data on my computer? Is an anti-virus enough?
Why are soufflés so difficult to get right?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Congolese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ndole?
What does it mean when my Shih Tzu has a reverse sneeze
When were headphones invented?
how do i make a lemon meringue?
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
which team won the most NBA championships?
Can you give some pointers on writing a professional college email?
How do I figure out my IP address?
What movies are similar to Animal House?
How do I install a second hard drive in my desktop computer?
what are some good places for a honeymoon?
Besides owning a farm, what was Jimmy Carter's career before he went into politics?
If someone becomes an alcoholic, can they ever stop being an alcoholic or is it for life?
I want to make pancakes but I have never made them before. Can you help me?
find a private school that does not do traditional schooling
What is BB cream?
What is urgent care used for?
Was really enjoying the series Nurse Jackie, with Eddie Falco. It's such a compelling story of addiction. I'm curious about how the series was created?
I'm trying to have better dental hygiene. Can you tell me what are the benefits of flossing?
What are the methods in which demagogues engage in?
What are places I can visit in Canada?
I need to find out some information on the video game console GameCube.
How do I treat and prevent dry hair?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Escarole Siciliano?
How often should my yard be mowed
Was the first Bush president in the CIA before he became vice president?
I’m trying to write an apology letter
Can you help me decide what car to buy?
I'd like to explore some different music. What are some of the more popular hits from the band, the Eagles?
I do not want to complain to family or friends but I do feel like complaining
What do I do if javelina are coming into my backyard?
Can I plant bananas in my backyard?
I want to learn how to spatchcock a turkey for roasting.
Did the Egyptians have a God of Death?
White Christmas was a great song from long ago. Bing Crosby is skilled. Do you know about the song?
Do you know which days of the year are dedicated to National food days? I want to take advantage of some of them.
I want to make authentic spegetti sauce or Italian Red Gravy.
Is it save to use my fireplace if I haven't used it or cleaned it in years?
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
Agatha Christie is a classic author. I'm wondering what some of her best-selling books might have been?
I bought some tonkatsu sauce but don't know what to use it for. Can you tell me what food I would use it for?
I like to leave my night light on for my porch, but the bugs do tend to leave a mess. Yellow lights sometimes work, sometimes don't. Any suggestions on keeping a night light on outside, and avoiding bug mess ?
I have a stomachache every day. What could be the problem?
If I get bite by a rattlesnake, should I try to suck the venom out of the bite?
I need help building my resume. What are some good skills that look good on a resume?
I want to make savory pancakes. Do you have a recipe?
How can I learn to tap dance?
What are some good jeans brands?
How do you avoid getting zapped by static electricity?
Would Paris be a fun place to take a vacation?
Can you tell me a little bit about the origins of the Pashto language?
How do I get better at parking closer to the curb?
Is carbonated water, very healthy to drink? I mean just water with CO2 infused?
Can you help me with some dinner ideas that I can make in a slow cooker?
Is mailing entries a good way to win money from sweepstakes?
Can people who have schizophrenia live normal lives? Are they all dangerous?
I'm visiting Poland soon. Can you help me learn a few common Polish phrases?
How can I get my children to get along better?
Is the California Condor making a comeback?
What is the best fast food restaurant?
How does a psychologist, decide if a person has an addiction? What are the boundaries?
Please tell me about DoorDash.
Which nut is one of the healthier ones, to snack on? Cashews taste great, but others might be better.
I'm trying to program a self-learning AI to interact with Twitter, but every time I release it into the wild, it interacts with Twitter inappropriately due to the general angry and rude nature of other posters ​that it learns from
How do I make vegetarian chili?
Can you use those big storage bags to bring freezer foods home from the store?
Could you provide me some information on President Obama?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken and Asparagus Tartlets?
What can you put on threads to make sure screws won't loosen on their own?
Can you help me understand how viruses reproduce?
Can you provide me with a snickerdoodle recipe?
Hi! Do you have any good chili recipes?
What happens in a baseball game?
Is Australia a nice place to take a vacation?
I want to know how to make marinara sauce.
Can you tell me a guide for visiting the Eiffel Tower in France?
How can I reduce the risk of a stroke?
I'm doing a research paper on MK Ultra. What can you tell me about that?
How do I make a martini?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some of the common foods there.
I would like to know more about the history of the Notre Dame church in Paris.
What is intermittent fasting?
How do I teach a child to use the scissors?
Which company developed the video game console Xbox 360?
What are some ways I should NOT make a password?
Can you give me some more information on "the 27 club"? Why are people thought to join this club?
Hello, I am trying to find a recipe for Strawberry Shortcake. Can you help?
How do I rotate the tires on my car?
Is it harmful for kids to watch wrestling?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pampaku?
Whats the best 3d printer to buy?
I'd like to go for a walk in a forest in the UK, can you recommend a place?
What are the benefits of getting more vitamin c?
What do I need to learn for wine tasting?
What single question can help differentiate a chat bot from a human?
I bought a new phone that is capable of being a mobile hotspot. What is that exactly?
What's the difference between a light roast and other roasts of coffee?
Why is smoking bad for people
What are fun ideas for a mermaid party?
Where did the name 7/11 come from?
How many species of doves exist?
Is an immersion environment good to learn a new language?
What are some uses for rinse water from washing dishes? I want to conserve water for environmental reason.
I want to renew my driver's license. Am I able to do that online or do I have to go to the DMV in person?
How do I keep bugs from coming through the drain?
How do I get the right aspect ratio to make a profile photo on social media?
What is a "Friendsgiving"?
How do I market my business on social media?
How can I get started brewing my own beer at home?
How can I feel less tired in the day?
How can I make a milkshake without a blender.
I would like to take a short pleasure trip soon but I don't know if it's safe to do so yet. I had planned a little vacation before the pandemic began and then had to postpone it indefinitely, much to my chagrin. Now I'm thinking it might be okay to go, but then I start feeling nervous about. I don't know how to convince myself that it's okay, or if I even should.
The following sentence is true. The previous sentence is false. Which of those two sentences is true?
What are some good historical novels for kids?
Can you tell me instructions for washing leather gloves?
How many suicide squad movies did they make?
Hi, assistnat
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
How do I prepare frozen spinach?
Can you cook eggs in a microwave?
What does black lives matter mean?
How can I pay less for cell phone service?
What are some other artists I might like if I like Taylor Swift?
How many people do you need for a Christmas caroling group?
Which bands are similar to Pinback?
I want to get better at negotiation. Can you give me tips on how to be a better negotiator, for example, what things should I avoid during a negotiation and what things should I say?
What is halupki?
what can you use to make fire change color?
What should I do if I find mold in my house?
How do you make macarons?
What is a way to sincerely apologize?
How do you take a screenshot on an Android phone?
How do I get a stain out of my white shirts?
How old does someone need to be to run for a seat in Congress?
What tool is suitable for scrapping off burned on food on stove top?
Hi, my friends have invited me to go to a strip club with them, and I've never been to one before. What can I expect there.? What kind of etiquette will I have to follow?
How can I set off firecrackers safely?
how do i take care of a puppy?
how do i know when to change my toothbrush?
Can you tell me which ferries offer transport to the different Hawaiian Islands?
How do I start training for a long marathon run?
What is Oktoberfest?
I want to know more about Neil Armstrong. Can you help me?
I bumped my knee. How can I make it feel better?
What is an air fryer
I'm trying to connect with a friend who is moving overseas. I'd like to do something special before they move. Do you have any suggestions?
what is Led Zeppelin?
What is the brand of the most popular chocolate in the United States?
Is it true that honey never goes bad?
What are some cocktails that can be made using malibu?
What are some beans I can make refried beans from?
Search Melissa McCarthy movies
Why do people cut their bird's feathers?
How do I track steps with an Apple watch?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make blood orange spritz?
Is a gallbladder operation hard to recover from?
What are some lullabies to put my toddler to sleep?
Hey, can you decode basic cryptographic messages?
How can I make aioli?
Is it possible to make mayonnaise at home?
Search for a cheesecake brownie recipe
How do I play the floor is lava?
I'm getting bored with basic peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. How can I make them more exciting?
What was the Vietnam war like?
How do you enable the microphone in Google Chrome?
Should you throw out your sponge or try to sanitize it?
What is Indiegogo?
My friend makes it a habit of routinely borrowing money from me. To be fair, he always pays it back and I can afford to loan it to him without causing me any pain really. But I just resent it sometimes that it seems to have become a habit. Am I being selfish?
How can I train my dog to sit
How can I negotiate at a pawn shop?
How do I set up a neighborhood easter egg hunt?
Can you tell me the general legal issues covered by business law?
I want to know more about Neil Armstrong. Can you help me?
What can I do to avoid getting acne breakouts?
How do I make guacamole?
What are benefits and cons of going barefoot?
Can you explain a convoluted legal contract?
Can you give some pointers on writing a professional college email?
What is good food for rabbits?
When is deer hunting season?
Is it immoral to download music illegally?
How can I skip stones across the water?
What household item can you use to whiten and brighten white clothes and linens?
How can I make my own CBD oil?
What are some fun flavors of cheesecake I can make?
What do I do if I wake up from a dream and feel disappointed I didn't get something that was in the dream?
Tell me the story of how rudolph saved christmas
What is a good alternative to a burger side besides fries?
Who is Bill Gates?
I love movie trailer music composers like Immediate Music and Two Steps From Hell. Can you recommend me similar composers?
Can you help me understand how gravity works?
Can you tell me how to make a pumpkin pie?
I want to learn the history of USSR. Can you help me?
I need to understand what derivatives are for my calculus homework. Could you give me an example?
What are ways to help a child with performance anxiety, say like in sports?
How long do LED light bulbs last?
I want to know how to make pancakes from scratch.
What are some other artists I might like if I like Taylor Swift?
Could you teach me a bit about William Shakespeare?
How do I keep owls away from chickens?
Figure out what the top five spoken languages in the US are.
I am looking for a non toxic way to prevent insects from coming into my house this winter. I have several cats and I want to make sure I use something that will not harm them but will kill or repel the insects.
How do I know whether to use oil based or water based paint?
Are there good ways to make my teeth whiter, besides going to a dentist to get a whitening?
How do I operate the zoom function on digital cameras?
How can I talk like a pirate?
Who is Barbie?
Hi, I'd like to compost my yard so stuff will grow better there. Can you explain how to do that?
How can I buy a Gucci purse?
How should I dress on a cruise?
What is jet lag?
Which TV series are similar to The Twilight Zone?
How can I tell if a friend is depressed?
How can I go over my fear of heights
How long do dogs live?
I'd like some suggestions on deterring rodents from my garden
Is it worth it to go to Vegas if I don't like to gamble?
How do I have a successful ebay auction?
What kinds of milk options are dairy free?
How do I sell a house for the cheapest cost for me
Can you tell me how often I should be changing my sheets?
Could you provide me some details about the Bay of Pigs Invasion?
Can you explain what is involved in a mechanic making a car repair estimate?
Who is Donald Trump?
How come airplanes don't crash when they're struck by lightning?
What are the advantages of donating your body to science?
I want to know about Delaware, a US state. Is it a big state?
How do you get an enlarged heart?
What is a beginner Yoga pose?
What are ways to guard your privacy online?
Where does the Indian river start?
I did a load of laundry a week back and since then, the washing machine smells kind of bad. What can I do to clean it?
How often should you get your teeth cleaned?
Can you give me some cocktail ideas that use apple cider?
Can you help me find a dog breed that's child friendly?
Can you tell me how prisoners get so muscular while in prison? How do they get enough protein from a prison cafeteria diet?
What are the different ways to cook eggs for breakfast?
What is the best way to clean my refrigerator?
I want to find out about my ancestry. How accurate are those DNA tests like from ancestry.com?
What is horchata?
How do I become a broadway actress?
What is the difference between hardneck and softneck garlic?
What animals are featured in the video game "Happy Feet"?
Who was the 15th president of the united states?
Do you feel that there's a God in existence, and omnipotent one, that oversees all?
How do I make a felt board?
How do I quit my job?
What do you call a doctor who specializes in cancer treatment?
How is wine fermented?
Do you have any tips on how to become better at organizing your day if you have ADHD?
What are some recipes using M&Ms?
Can you tell me a recipe and directions for making an ice coffee?
How can I find out if I am qualified for a phone upgrade on my phone plan?
What is the friendliest dog breed
What are alternatives I can use instead of ground beef to make burgers?
My son is having difficulties paying attention in class and his grades are suffering. What should I do?
What are some stretches to do first thing in the morning?
Is there a way to make a cat shed less?
Find the world record for the longest book ever written.
What are the steps for making brewed tea?
Find some car games to play on Nintendo 64.
Is it worth it to hire a gardener?
What is the best selling type of ice cream in the US?
What is the best kind of dog to get for a small boy?
Does it snow in Florida?
What can you add to ramen noodles to make it taste better?
Do you think you can teach me about the higgs boson?
Who is Scottie Pippen?
I love planets and learning about the solar system in general. Can you tell me the similarities between Earth and Mars?
What are the pros and cons of shopping at big box stores?
How do I get crows away from my property?
What does an electrician do?
I have some freeze dried raspberries in my freezer and want to use them. Can you provide me with suggestions as to what meals I can use the freeze dried raspberries for?
How do I make scones?
I never go to the snow but just in case I ever find myself experiencing frostbite, how can I treat it?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
I'm putting together a Southern BBQ themed dinner. What should I have on the menu?
Is there a way to get trees that don't need to be hand watered anymore?
What kind of exhibits does the Smithsonian Museum have?
Why is BPA bad for you?
Find Sally Field movies
The ice in my freezer has an off taste and I don't like to use it. Do you know of any tips that can help keep ice fresh?
Do you know any jokes that are suitable for kids?
I have never been fishing before and would like to learn some basics. What should I know before my first fishing trip?
What are some fun activities to do in the snow?
Do rabbits actually like carrots and are they good for rabbits?
I have a pretty bad cold but I have really important business meeting tomorrow. Is there anything I can do to make my cold go away faster?
Hey! My 13 year old just got their period and I need some advice on how to teach her how to use a tampon without it being awkward.
I want to start saving for retirement. What should I do?
I want to write a Haiku. Can you help?
how do i do a bridge?
Can you help me find music similar to Ludovico Einaudi piano music?
Find an apple fritter recipe
Hi, I plan on spending an intimate evening with my girlfriend next weekend, and I'd like to create a playlist of romantic songs to set the mood. Can you help me out with some music suggestions?
What should I take if I have a hangover?
Search for Dr. Dre songs
Can anyone get a student loan?
What are some good ideas for vegetarian tacos?
I want to put together a gift basket for a friend that's going through a stressful time. Do you have any suggestions?
Could you help me learn how to bake a double chocolate cake?
My toddler hates the vacuum. How can I help him get used to the sound of the vacuum?
Not sure what blood test results will be
how can i cheer up a baby who misses his parents?
Can you provide me steps on cooking a red velvet cake from scratch?
What was the Mexican American War like
Do you think you can tell me a little bit about The Renaissance era?
WHat can I do about the stray cat in my yard
Do you have any helpful tips on getting used to wearing sunscreen? I hate the feeling on my skin
Can you give me a recipe for fried chicken?
Do you know what kind of beer goes well with pretzels?
How do I make a homemade bath bomb?
How many languages do you know?
I'm planning a movie night and want to watch romantic comedies. What are some popular romantic comedy movies?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn a few food words.
Out of French, German, and Arabic, which is the easiest language for me to learn?
I enjoy listening to country music on rare occasion, usually when I'm doing physical work. Do you have any song suggestions?
How can I make french fries?
What is the most popular camping destination in the United States?
I want to learn some self defense moves. How can I do that?
Will human activity like burning fossil fuel, mining, waste disposal into water sources, and drilling destroy the earth?
I am planning on travelling in the New Year, and would like some recommendations on places to visit and things to do.
What are some good gift ideas for someone that loves to bake bread?
How do I get more flexible in ballet?
Can you do a cost benefit ratio on commuting further for a better job?
Can I eat cottage cheese like yogurt?
How do I make juice out of watermelon?
Do you know any good candle scents?
I want to learn to count to five in a few languages. Can you help me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pinnekjøtt?
What does being vegan mean?
how do i name a cat?
I'm trying to learn to cook more things at home to save money. Should I upgrade the equipment in my kitchen, including my pans and utensils, or does that not matter?
I need a recipe for baking a chocolate cake.
Hey, I'm looking for ways to be more grateful to bring more joy into my life. Do you have any suggestions?
How can I make a car air freshener?
How do I learn to type without looking?
Can you tell me about bee safety?
How can I get rid of mice around my home
What are two side dishes I can serve with shrimp?
what are some places i can have my child's birthday party?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Plantinta?
How do you take care of yourself after a tooth extraction?
What is Multiple Sclerosis?
I want to go travelling. A place that is hot and has good history. Can you give me a good option?
where can i find fresh pineapple near me 61920?
Who was Alexander Fleming?
How was bread traditionally made?
Why did they settle on the 4 cylinder engine for most cars manufactured today?
How can I change my own car oil
I think I broke my big toe. What should I do to care for it?
What are skills a plumber should have?
What does impeachment mean?
Who is Donald Trump?
I'd like to replicate an In N Out burger at home, can you help?
I'm creating a WordPress website. Are there any templates available for free?
How do I cite my sources in an essay?
What types of acids can I add to my chilis to improve their flavour as I find them a little flat?
I need to learn a common phrase in a few languages. Can you help me?
I'm trying to get some help with dealing with sudden depression.
Why do human beings still have remains of tails in our skeletal system?
Whats the cheapest state to take at a vacation at.
How do I become a better nature photographer?
What time of the year can I start seeing groundhogs come out of hibernation?
Hi, I'd like a permit to hunt game here. Any idea how I go about getting one?
What are some general tools I need in order to make a cocktail?
what is the most popular ride at universal studios in florida
I have a choice between moving to the Pacific Northwest or the desert Southwest in the United States. What are the geographical differences between those two regions?
What is a heart attack?
What are some fun science challenges for kids to do during summer break?
How to find a speech therapist for my child.
What are some suggestions on how to break the ice in a conversation?
What are symptoms of progeria?
What is Black and White and Red all over?
Should I move to San francisco?
Should I tip the UPS driver?
Hi, I'd like to bake Christmas cookies this year. Can you give me a good recipe to do that?
How can I learn to change a tire?
What is a good way to approach someone about money they owe you?
What is the ASPCA?
Why don't more people want Universal Healthcare in the US?
How do I keep my cat from shedding?
what are some good office clothes for women?
Which is better, and ipad or a kindle fire tablet?
What water temperature will prevent stains from setting into clothes?
Find some Chris Farley movies
I am getting bombarded with Black Friday ads. Are there really better prices this time of year?
Are there any foods that can help me combat a sugar craving?
Is coffee healthy? I'm seeing studies that say yes and others that say no.
What are the signs of being dyslexic?
I really like Italian dressing. Would you happen to have a recipe for making Italian dressing?
What are some festivals I can go to like Woodstock?
How do I make raspberry vinegar?
How to find a speech therapist for my child.
I'm getting bored with basic peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. How can I make them more exciting?
I'd like to get a device that I can bring with me into the backcountry that will record my GPS coordinates in case of an emergency. What should I look at buying?
Does Google Play Music still exist?
Is it true that if my grandpa on my mom's side of the family has good hair genetics, then I will as well?
How do I maintain good health of my mattress?
What is a good way to learn how to speak Spanish?
Can you explain to me how I would calculate the standard deviation relative to sets of data?
Can you explain what the phases of the moon are?
I'm trying to learn how to take care of a cactus
I'm trying to spruce up my style. What are some ways I can accessorize a basic tee shirt and jeans?
How long does it take to get from Detroit to Atlanta?
I'm trying to spend less money on eating out, but I miss my favorite Mexican restaurant. What are some Mexican dishes I can make at home?
I recently began taking care of my elderly grandmother. Do you have any tips on how to help her?
Should I get a cockatiel or a parrot?
Hello, is this Comcast customer service?
What is the best animal to get if you are allergic to long hair?
is there a point in having a physical photo album anymore?
What are some fun playdate themes?
Who is the founder of Al Jazeera Media Network?
Bitcoin has been discussed frequently in media, and comedians make jokes about how complicated it is. Is Bitcoin useful, and affordable?
Can you find a recipe for a red velvet cake that has a butter cream frosting?
What type of animals is on Levi’s logo?
I want to know how to make marinara sauce.
What is the oldest MLB baseball park in the US?
How do I make a rubber band ball?
How do you do a proper sit-up?
Is there a limit on how cold something can be?
What is Stevie Wonder famous for?
How can I improve the gas mileage in my car?
Is plastic surgery dangerous?
I'm going to have to replace my macbook battery, but I'd like to do it myself and save some money on paying the installer. What tools and guides might I need?
I don't know if I should put more money into stock market now or not
I'm thinking about buying a new baseball cap, but I get overwhelmed with so many options. What are the main shape types of baseball caps?
How much does a pool filter cost for an inground pool?
I want to get a puppy for my family, but I'm not sure what breed to get. Can you help me find a breed that is calm and good with kids?
What happens when you lose something?
How can I send money overseas?
What foods should I avoid eating before surgery
Do you have any good examples of non-commercial cleaning products?
Is it fair to ask prospective employees to do unpaid 'assignments' before they're hired?
How do I spread the words that I'm looking for a missing dog?
How difficult is it to learn calculus if you only know basic algebra?
Should people eat 3 meals a day? Is that the healthiest way to eat?
Thinking about buying some onion rings but I want ranch to dip them in. Can you provide me with a recipe for me to make homemade ranch dressing?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
What should I write to my friend in their yearbook?
Find Naomi Scott movies
I want to learn how to bake a good banana bread! Do you know any recipes?
What is bitcoin?
What is ratatouille?
There is a lot of talk about the different Covid vaccines out now. Which one gives you the most protection from catching covid?
Can you help me find a similar music artist to Barry Manilow
How can a company like the tobacco industry get away with selling such an addictive product that causes cancer?
Do you know of a recipe for cilantro lime rice?
Could your provide me with some exercises I could do to strengthen my legs.
How do I start a new gold collection?
Who is the Pioneer Woman?
I'm trying to learn about the salam witch trials
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
Do you know how it's possible to turn potatoes into vodka?
What are fun ways to announce pregnancy?
I'm trying to figure out how honey is produced from bees, is this something you can help me with?
Which video game company developed the game called Uncharted?
Hi, my neighbor's car battery is dead, and they want my help jump starting it. Can you explain how to do that?
Should I get vaccinated against Covid-19? I'm nervous about risks associated with the vaccine.
First Lady Biden, is educated, and working with schools. I'd love to know more about her education and work.
Can you tell me which recent shows, in the past 10 years, are similar to the Twilight Zone?
How do you plant a potato?
My daughter wants to be a princess for Halloween. What sort of things should I include in her costume?
How do you cope with chronic pain?
What is the proper way to use a drill?
What is the fastest way to paint a room
How should I dress when attending a funeral?
How do i level my 3d printer?
What is a mocking bird
I'm going to be fishing for bluefish soon and I would like some tips.
what are some good conservative news sources?
I want to go on vacation in the summer and want to know the best place to go that isn't too hot.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Torta?
When was the last hurricane in Florida?
Why does cheese melt?
Is it important to track calories?
I am having a gathering to watch a boxing match and want to provide guacamole, do you know any good recipes?
My best friend is having a baby. What are some good gifts for a new mom and baby?
How do you start a fire in a fireplace?
What is the YWCA?
What makes someone a good son?
Please tell me about Thanksgiving Day and the history behind it?
Hi, I'd like to become a SEAL. How do I accomplish this?
What is a bicameral legislature?
Hi, I'm supposed to conjugate the present tense of the verb 'to be' for English class, but I don't know what that means. Can you explain how to do that?
what are some animals i should show my kid at the zoo?
Is Antarctica a continent?
How can I stay warm during a power outage?
What is a PMR doctor
Which type of saw is more effective at trimming the branches of a birch tree?
How do you caramelize onions?
Why is the sky blue?
What can I do if my neighbors are having a loud party?
I was messing around on the computer today and started thinking. What is the code called that they make websites with?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Egusi soup?
I think I might get a Shih-Tzu
Search for a coconut shrimp recipe.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Farls?
Could you recommend some video games similar to the final fantasy series?
Are hairballs bad for cats? What if they don't seem to be coughing it up?
What is the most successful American actor of all time?
I love adventure movies set in the desert. Can you give me some recommendations?
How do you heal a strained vocal cord that make speaking difficult?
What is the best bait to use when fishing for trout?
How do I make a mango smoothie?
when should i load the dishwasher?
What can I do to reduce back pain?
I'm trying to get in better shape. How many steps should I take each day?
Do people who write comic books make a lot of money?
How do I know if I have rats?
What crystal is closest to the diamond?
How do I improve my batting accuracy?
What is a good caliber rifle to hunt deer with?
What are some of the best monster movies?
Should you moisturize your face everyday?
If I can't pay my rent, how long can I stay until they throw me out?
I cannot decide if I should homeschool my children or send them to public schools. Any suggestions?
was johnny cash wife black
how long has Dairy Queen been in business?
I want to know how to make Thai satay sauce. Can you help me?
How do you make an apple pie?
Does vitamin C supplementation help at all in regards to preventing the flu?
Should you use fabric softener in the laundry?
I need some advice on Christmas plans. Some of people I'm visiting aren't vaccinated against Covid-19 and refuse to take a rapid test before gathering. Should I go to the Christmas Eve dinner? It will be indoors
I want to have a girls night where we watch romantic comedy movies. Can you suggest some popular rom-coms?
I'm trying to figure out how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Indiana.
How do you remove the fuzzy skin from a kiwi?
I want to know how to gain some confidence
What are the benefits of getting more vitamin c?
How can I create a desert garden in my backyard?
Were the Germans the only people responsible for the fall of the Roman Empire?
Can you write a poem for my mom about missing her?
Any tips on how to improve the sense of direction in urban area?
How can I make apple pie?
Let's do this. Had the worst sinus infection in my life for the past week and a half. Still feel like shit but that can be a blessing. My query, I am on my 4th day of a 5 day Z-Pak prescription. Gonna take the last pill in 8 hours. If this infection doesn't clear during the weekend should I go back and ask for a Cipro or Amox prescription.....typical antibiotic. I am gradually feeling better.
Are all squirrles brown?
How do I paint with a stencil?
Why can prisons pay convicts less than minimum wage for their work?
How much should you tip your waitress?
Have you heard of Leaning Tower of Pisa?
I have heard algae is good for the skin. Can you describe what some of those benefits accomplish?
What languages are spoken in South America?
Hello, I am trying to find the cheapest flight to Orlando from New York City on December 20th.
how do i feel confident to dance in front of others?
Can you tell me how Global Warming will change city planning, and the infrastructure of cities?
How do I teach a child to shower independently?
How can I prepare myself to go in for a job interview?
Tell me your best dad joke.
How do you cut down on sodium in your diet?
I want to be prepared for injuries at my home. What should I keep in a first aid kit?
What is the drug crack made out of?
Is turkey safe to eat for my cat?
What is twitch.tv ?
Hello, I am trying to find out the hours for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Can you help?
How do you keep cheese from getting moldy?
Does dream feeding really work?
Do people choose there sexuality or is it the way they were born?
How does GPS work?
How can I grow a bonsai tree?
Why do cities in India have so much pollution?
I'm trying to teach my child the difference between a cat and a dog. Any advice?
Can you give me a recipe for making a German chocolate cake?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kofta?
Was Walt Disney the original creator of Mickey Mouse?
What is the oldest musical instrument?
I want to learn more about the board game Monopoly.
I need to learn some Italian words for different points of interest.
Have italian people made any major contributions to the field of mathematics?
I'm wondering if the viola might be an instrument to explore. Can you make a living, playing a viola?
How long should I live in a country to pick up the language?
I think I might need my wisdom teeth removed, but I'm nervous about the surgery. Do dentists use localized or general anesthesia for wisdom teeth removal?
Why do people think that JFK was killed by the CIA?
Can you tell me what are some things I can use acetone for?
what are some good iced teas?
Is it possible to learn to be very flexible at an old age?
I'm planning a big holiday dinner, but need ideas for dessert. Do you have any good dessert suggestions?
I left the car in the parking lot to get some grocery. When I came back to finally get home, for some reason I'm no longer able to get the car to start. Can you help?
My ears often experience discomfort when I travel by air, what can I do about it?
Could you tell me the history of Washington D.C.?
I'm just curious, do you think using of face shield in public really helps lessen the spread of COVID-19?
What is the difference between a secretary and a receptionist?
Could you explain to me how sunscreen protects your skin from the sun?
Can you tell me popular theaters to visit in Paris?
How do I measure a child's foot for shoes?
Can you give me recommendations for Audrey Hepburn's best movies?
How do I know if I have bed bugs?
What are some good Japanese anime shows for girls?
Who is the best footballer of all time?
How can I fix a cracked tooth?
How do I improve my soccer skills?
Where can I learn how to sell my own art work?
How do I ease separation anxiety with my baby as I go back to work?
what are some physical games to play at a kids' birthday party?
what are some animals i should show my kid at the zoo?
How do I start a new gold collection?
What is a rainbow baby?
How do I teach my kids to be grateful for what they have?
Does the soul survive after death?
I'd like to expand my knowledge of poetry, are there some books you can recommend?
Are Red Foxes native to North America?
Can you explain what the role of white blood cells is?
How do you differentiate recyclable plastic from the non-recyclable one?
Is the appendix really 'useless'?
What are some fun coding toys for kids?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tom Kha Gai?
I need help choosing a name for my child
What are some fun chocolatey smoothies I can make?
What safety gears should you wear if you ride a bicycle in low light or low visibility condition?
How much money should I save for a down payment on a house?
What is the best medicine for a headache?
getting another blood test this week for low platelet and white cell count
How do you start a campfire?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a Manhattan. Can you give me a recipe for mixing one?
Can you help me find a good fruitcake recipe?
What are some fun things I can play for a very small party for a ten year old?
Why are small dogs always barking and mean?
Should I buy a regular watch or a smart watch?
How do you keep your immune system strong so you don't get a cold?
How do I prevent someone from hacking into my email account?
What is some seafood typically enjoyed in Mexico?
What are the differences between the various bottled waters available at the store?
What are some of the health benefits of turnips?
How do I make a traditional green been casserole for Thanksgiving?
How can I find the requirements for getting into Harvard?
What do vegetarians eat for Thanksgiving?
Can you tell me the story of hansel and gretel?
How do people make money on Youtube?
My friend just died. How do I cope?
What is the papparazzi?
What do I do if a baby falls off the bed?
When did the dinosaurs go extinct?
How do you free a car that's stuck in snow?
How do you do a chargeback on a credit card purchase?
What is the meaning of life?
Do people who deliver pizza actually enjoy their jobs?
Where did backgammon originate?
Hi, I'd like to make fruit salad from scratch. Can you give me a good recipe for that?
Why doesn't the USA make the tallest buildings in the world anymore?
With Christmas coming up, I want to get a small gift for my child's 5th grade teacher. Do you have any ideas?
What's the tallest mountain in the world?
what are things i should do besides brushing teeth?
What are ways that people hack online games to cheat against other players?
What is a heart attack?
I use to play Kick the can when I was young can you go over the rules of that game for me
Can you tell me who wrote Harry Potter?
How do I get crows away from my property?
I've read that fish don't feel pain. Is this true?
What month do people with the sign Taurus have birthdays in?
How did Ted Turner make his money?
What careers could one pursue with a biology degree?
Where is the John Wayne airport?
I'm starting up cycling as a hobby and I learned that many cyclists shave their legs. Is there any practical reason for this?
Giraffes have such long necks. Do they have a lot of neck bones?
What book should I start to read next?
What is a good microphone to buy for a home recording?
How can I get tree sap off my car
How do I recover from work burnout?
How do I get my boss at work to like me?
Should I put a sound system in my car?
Is going into a lot of student debt worth it in order to go to a prestigious college? I feel like going to a community college and then a state school makes more sense.
Can you help me find a recipe for stuffed peppers?
What is a good prayer to start the day?
Where is the Arlington National Cemetery?
what are some vegetables i can put in a salad?
Where can I go in Orlando with kids?
How do you know if you have 20/20 vision?
I suffer from migraine headaches and they seem to be getting worse. When I get one, I'm out of commission for a couple days and nothing seems to help. I've seen doctors and tried different medication, but to no avail.
How many calories are in a regular banana?
What is Upwork?
What are modern candles made out of?
Are there any restrictions on Greyhound bus travel due to COVID-19?
I need to plan a surprise birthday party. Can you give me some tips?
I'm trying to make a meatloaf. Can you help me come up with a recipe?
I'm trying to stay healthy and avoid getting sick this winter. What can I do to boost my immune system?
Where are the screenshots store in Win 10?
I'd like to learn more about the city Fort Lauderdale, Florida. What is there to do there?
I'm wanting to grow peas in my garden this year, do you know what the best time would be to plant them in Maryland?
Hey, I'm looking for ways to be more grateful to bring more joy into my life. Do you have any suggestions?
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
Can you explain to me how scientists determine the age of a fossil?
What do you think about long hair for boys?
Find a Kale Salad with Pecans recipe
I have a Alexa Firestick and it seems to be slow at streaming. Should I get another one
How to make chocolate chip cookies
should i get a nanny or put my child in daycare?
I'm trying to learn more about Bernie Sanders, can you provide me some information on him?
Search for a chicken marsala recipe
Why do cities in India have so much pollution?
What are some animals that hibernate?
How do I make a bonfire in my backyard?
I have never been to Washington, DC. but I am planning to go there next year. Can you tell me what to see over there?
How do I rewire a house?
How do I choose a new vacuum?
Who was Lazarus?
What should I consider when buying life insurance?
How do I paint with a stencil?
Should you nap during the day or not, does it mess up your sleep at night?
How long do blue whales nurture their young?
Is iHeartRadio free?
Can you tell me a detailed guide for having good driving posture?
What makes a reptile cold blooded, as compared to a hot blooded mammal?
Why are dogs so loyal and happy to see their owners?
If you like to drink alcohol on a regular basis, which is healthier usually, beer, or wine?
Hi, I've been banned on a site based on my IP address. How can I get a new IP to evade the ban?
Does music help when you are stressed?
What does conservatorship mean?
How do I lighten the underarms?
What places should I visit in New Jersey?
Is there a way to compare credit card offers?
I need to start saving money, can you help me set up a basic budget?
How often are the Olympics?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cah Kangkung?
How many times a year can a female cat reproduce?
Does a fat burner supplement give you energy when added to a smoothie?
Do snakes lay eggs?
How do I properly dispose of cooking oil?
Should people eat 3 meals a day? Is that the healthiest way to eat?
I need to rewire a lamp.
Why do people even think they can win the lottery?
How do you tell time using a sundial?
Hi, assistant
Why can't I get any TV channels with my antennae anymore?
Is the government going to disburse any more economic stimulus checks?
How do I make microwave potato chips?
I am looking to buy a home, but need to learn about different types of mortgages. Can you explain a fixed-rate mortgage versus a variable-rate mortgage?
Find Sophie Turner films
How much money should I set aside for a kid's college fund?
what are some good cheesy dishes with broccoli?
Can you help me with a recipe for a delicious fish pie?
How do I get my child to enjoy reading more?
I need help writing a short story for University. It has to be 500 words, but I don't know where to start.
How do I get to the airport?
I developed a cough and am coughing up yellow phlegm. What could me wrong with me?
Can you still be active when you have exercise asthma?
What are some good ideas for vegetarian tacos?
How much do movers cost?
What is a good prayer to start the day?
What is the best way to introduce my cat to a leash?
Do you think you can help with some questions about how to save more money?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Vigoron?
Who is Mariah Carey?
Is the most recent xbox worth the price at this point in time?
This Veteran's Day I want to do something to show our veterans how much we care, but I have no idea what to do. Can you suggest anything?
How do cats make that purring sound?
Can you give me instructions for making a Boston Cream Pie?
What ingredients do I need to make pumpkin pie from scratch?
What is Xoom?
Do you know any Mexican recipes?
What are the basic steps of opening up a bookstore business?
What is the temperature of the core of Earth?
Can you give me a recipe for chocolate fudge?
I'm trying to help my friend who is going through a breakup.
I want to know more about Shanghai, a city in China.
Can you help me write my boss an email requesting vacation next week?
Where can you buy a classic car?
What can I do if my girlfriend and I have separate interests?
What kind of apps or software are good for learning a new language?
How do you make popcorn with a popcorn machine?
Are there any countries that don't have taxes?
Do you think you can help me learn how to make my own ice cream at home?
Can you recommend a film to watch? I'm looking for something fairly recent, perhaps a comedy or drama, suitable for adults.
I'm going to Italy and want to learn some dessert-related words in Italian.
What is the latest I should drink coffee in a day?
How do I reconfigure a PC video game to work with the lower graphic capability of my PC?
I need a place to travel to for christmas
How do I make amends with someone?
How do I throw a lion king themed birthday?
Is Africa safe to visit?
If there was a future war for the control of freshwater supplies. Which nation has the greatest supply currently and would, therefore, be the best place to relocate now?
I'd like to start painting, but don't know where to start. Should I choose watercolour, oil, or acrylic, for example?
I am looking for a new job. Everybody is hiring and I am tired of the retail management position I have been in for the last 5 years. I want to do a professional resume from scratch. Are there any good online services out there that you know of that offer that?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Eba?
Can you tell me what my used car is worth?
I enjoy African drumming music. I've heard that traditionally, the drum songs, also communicated across distances, to other tribes. Is that true?
Where did dandelions evolve?
Search for a coconut shrimp recipe.
how do i get certified to drive heavy machinery?
Hi, I'd like to begin meditating. Can you explain how it's done?
I have a rat infestation in my apartment. What's the best way to get rid of them?
Can you tell me how one can treat a fire ant sting?
Can you tell me what company developed the series God of War?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dukkah?
Can I keep a sea turtle?
Can you give me a recipe for minced pies?
What is the origin of the story of Santa Claus? Who thought him up?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of Jimi Hendrix. Can you help me put together a playlist of his most popular and influential music?
Why do cat pupil just have a slit instead of being round?
What is the most popular dog breed in the US?
How do I teach a baby to dance?
Can you change the oil in the car yourself?
I love The Sopranos, and Michael Imperioli was great as Christopher. What has he been up to since The Sopranos?
What is the first day of winter?
I'd like to play Jenga with my family this holiday season, but I've never actually played. Do you know any good strategies for playing and winning at Jenga?
What's a good movie for the kids this weekend?
What are some good milk chocolate brands?
What are ways to detect plagiarism just by reading the paper? What kind of things will stand out?
Can you help suggest a mobile game similar to one that I already play?
Can you tell me about the flavor of oregeno?
I am looking to write a paper on American Presidents. Can you give me some facts about Bill Clinton?
What can you see in Bali, Indonesia?
I've heard it said that Opera singers usually are known to have their best voice, over 35 years of age, with years of training. I wonder what the trained range is, the best age range, for a seasoned Opera singer?
how can i stop being so overprotective of my children?
What's a good restaurant to try in Toronto?
What are alternatives I can use instead of ground beef to make burgers?
I need another water heater. Is a bigger one more efficient than a smaller one?
How do you invest in stocks?
Can you tell me which Pokémon cards are worth the most money for collectors?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Farine?
How should I teach my son about mathematics? He's ten years old.
Can you help me find cocktail recipes that specifically include citrus?
Find a crab cake recipe
What is the origin of the story of Santa Claus? Who thought him up?
Are all metals silver in appearance when in their non oxidized state?
Do you know how to make corned beef hash?
Hi, I've always been relatively apolitical, but I've decided that now I want my voice to be heard. What are some good ways for me to become politically active?
How can I iron a button up shirt?
Could you explain to the process of making soda to me?
How do I prevent moths from eating clothes?
I'd like to learn some food words in French. Can you help me?
Can you provide me steps on how to make deviled eggs?
I haven't been keeping up with music much lately. What are some good underground rap releases that have come out in the past few years?
Faith Hill is such a talented singer. And model beautiful. What are some of her big hits?
What are ways that I can practice being open minded?
I am trying to learn Excel but I am struggling to comprehend all the formulas. Is there a better way of learning this software?
Is setting the table a good chore for children?
What are some expensive foods that I can order at a restaurant?
Is there any evidence cell phones can cause brain tumors, infertility or any other problems with their various signals?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Austrian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tafelspitz?
Search for bread pudding recipe
How do you use a spellchecker?
Is cable television worth paying for?
which is healthier to drink overall, lemonade, or orange juice?
How far away can the best hearing device pick up audio from?
I need to learn how to say some basic food words in Portuguese.
What does waxing your car do to protect the paint job?
What are some Asian liquors I can try?
How long do blue whales nurture their young?
Are space heaters safe?
What are some typical Andalucian dishes?
Why can't salt water fish live in fresh water fish tanks?
How can I help a hoarder clean up?
What is the Army reserves?
How long have blood hounds been around for?
should i let my kids decorate their own room?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
What are some spicy Asian sauces?
A friend returned from a vacation in Italy a while back. She had all kinds of artisan glass. Does Italy have a specialty in glass art?
Do you have tips on how to win consistently in rock, paper, scissors?
Can you give me recommendations for Audrey Hepburn's best movies?
How do I get to be more calm and clear during an argument to effectively argue my point?
Where are the Rocky Mountains located?
Are there any animals that are an in between of a cat and a dog?
How do I clean a mirror?
How do you write a song?
How do you give a dog a bath?
How do I grow a pumpkin patch?
How do I use a fireplace?
How can I get my child to get ready for a spelling test?
Hi!
How do I clean fish?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some new dishes. Can you give me a recipe for hummus?
Can you give me a recipe for scones?
What is the exchange rate of the British pound to the US dollar?
Can you link me a recipe for edible brownies?
How do you cope with chronic pain?
How can I save leftover bacon grease?
What are some things I can put on the window for shade?
I want to know how to download python
what are some good workout programs
What are some ways that I can get smoother skin?
What is a good microphone to buy for a home recording?
What is Google Voice?
If I go camping, what is a safe amount of water to bring per person per day?
What is the best way to win ebay auctions? are there any techniques I should know about?
I'm looking for some music to add to my playlist. Can you suggest anything? I like rock, pop and country.
Find what year Bob Ross died
How does Google Earth work?
is it better for my child to join band class or take private lessons?
What are some Asian liquors I can try?
We always have leftover ham from holiday dinners. What are a few ways to use it up?
What's the difference between AC and DC current?
Hello, I am trying to find a website or app to learn a new language. Can you help?
I'm looking into different career avenues to decide what I might want to pursue. How do I start a podcast?
How can I sharpen a pencil if I can't find a pencil sharpener?
How do I teach someone to do long division
Do you have any advice on how to keep a room warm without a heater?
What should I bring on a jungle trek?
This holiday season I really want to do my part to help those in need. Can you suggest some things I might be able to do?
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
Can you tell me about the history of cars?
Do the islands of Hawaii ever get snowfall?
What is paella?
Should you eat more protein when working out?
What is AAA?
How long have blood hounds been around for?
How can I get rid of weeds in my lawn?
How do I get my kids to go to sleep at the same time?
Why are college textbooks so expensive? Do colleges jack up the prices or is there some other reason?
What is companion planting?
How can I make a tofu salad?
Can you do a cost benefit ratio on commuting further for a better job?
What is a good Bible version for kids?
What are some ways I can build upper body strength?
What is the story of Thanksgiving?
Could you help me learn the process of making pickles?
How do seniors get dementia?
What time does J.C. Penny open on Black Friday?
I've heard that tuna salad is a good lunch. Can you tell me what is in it?
My friend makes it a habit of routinely borrowing money from me. To be fair, he always pays it back and I can afford to loan it to him without causing me any pain really. But I just resent it sometimes that it seems to have become a habit. Am I being selfish?
I live in the city and I'd like to learn how to grow a garden in my balcony so I can have fresh vegetables just like someone in a rural setting. Do you have any how-to advice to help me?
I am trying to find out where I can get a Welsh Corgi in Orlando
How do I perform a three point turn around?
What are some cool places to visit in Moscow?
What do they do with the old CRT monitors at the dump?
What are some good ways to prepare eel?
What are some good toys to buy for an older child?
What are some ideas for artwork I can put in my bathroom?
I need some information on how to lay tile in my bathroom
I'm going to wine tasting in France and need some language help.
I think I'm overweight. How could I lose a few pounds?
What are some danger that urban explorers might face when exploring abandoned buildings?
What's the story with Ronald Mcdonald, and the McDonald's hamburger chain? That clown always seems suspicious to me.
Why do people believe in religion?
What is the best fast food restaurant?
What are some foreign alcohols I can try?
What are some fun activities for kids who love puzzles?
What does bible study mean?
How do cats get fleas?
Is human resources a good career?
What should I do if I feel slightly lightheaded after standing up?
what are some good places for a honeymoon?
What is JoJo Siwa famous for?
What is Poshmark?
What's a good way to keep clothes from getting wrinkled if I have no place to hang them?
How should I dress for the Pride Day parade?
I suffer from varicose veins and need to improve my circulation. What are some ways I could improve my blood circulation throughout my body?
How can I build my immune system?
What are the 12 amendments?
How can I cure hiccups?
Which TV shows are similar to Sons of Anarchy?
How do I cut a baby's toenails?
How do I safely recycle old electronics?
is it better for my child to join band class or take private lessons?
Which type of birds make the best pets?
Search for Amy Winehouse songs
Where is Sea if Cortez?
Where can I go in Orlando with kids?
What are some game animals that actually taste good?
How do I ease a mosquito bite?
I'm curious to learn the history of photography. Can you provide information about when the camera was first invented?
How do I learn to rollerblade?
I've heard one shouldn't recycle black plastic, do you have any info on that?
Do you know how to find out if my cell phone insurance plan covers lost phones?
How do you rent a car?
Can you tell me what 5g is and how it works?
Can you describe how avocados grow?
how do i care for a tortoise?
How can I take care of a butterfly with a broken wing?
Can you tell me what the main differences are between Microsoft Office, and Libre office?
What is a certificate of deposit?
Hi, I have a pain disorder, and I've heard marijuana might be useful for treating it, and safer than opiates. Can you tell me how to go about getting a medical marijuana prescription?
Superman had a birth name, what was it?
Find a loaded baked potato recipe
How do I make an omelette?
What should I stuff my turkey with
How do I fry fish?
Explain how fast a hummingbird moves its wings
I need a corn dog recipe.
How do I roast a ham in the oven?
How can I freeze basil?
Are pit bulls really just naturally mean dogs?
How do I keep my saltwater pool running well?
What is DashDoor?
Is Serena Williams arguably the best women's tennis player of all time?
Can you tell me when the new season of The Boys on Amazon starts?
How do I ease a mosquito bite?
Hi, it's my dream to direct a film. How can I make that dream a reality?
what information should i provide my babysitter before i leave?
How can I grow chamomile?
I want to dress up as a baseball player for Halloween. What do I need for a costume?
If someone becomes an alcoholic, can they ever stop being an alcoholic or is it for life?
When is the next manned flight into space planned for?
Search for an apple crumb cake recipe
how do i iron creases in my clothes?
What do I do about a dry cough?
Can you explain the theory of relativity?
What kind of food has vitamin A in it?
What are some good Christmas dinner meals?
Do people with ADHD have low levels of dopamine and serotonin?
What are some mid range hotel chains?
I am writing about global issues and have a general idea of many issues. However, it's very generalized and I need examples of issues within the main issue. For example, when it comes to global issues related water, what are some issues related to that?
How do you save a picture to hard drive in Google Chrome?
What's the easiest way to transfer files from a phone to a pc?
Are kangaroos endangered?
Find Drew Barrymore movies
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Om Ali?
I want to dress up as a witch for Halloween. What do I need for my costume?
My mom will celebrate her birthday soon, what do you think is the best gift I can give?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
What are the things I should do to best protect my data on my computer? Is an anti-virus enough?
What is the process for applying for a personal short term loan?
How cold does it get in Alaska?
What is the cheapest fuel you can use to heat your home in the winter?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a Bundt cake. Can you find me a recipe for that?
I want to make white rice. Can you help me?
My mother in law loves to cook. What are some good gift ideas for her?
what dogs make good guard dogs?
Is soccer good for kids to play?
What are some fun collaborative art projects for kids?
Are there any medical benefits (or drawbacks) to sleeping in the nude versus sleeping with underwear or pajamas?
Can you tell me more about Hannukah?
Me and my girlfriend will celebrate our anniversary soon and I can't think of what I should do to celebrate it, can you help me?
What are ways to help a child with performance anxiety, say like in sports?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Liang Mien?
I really like pop music. Can you suggest some recent hits I might like?
How does GPS work?
How can I increase the amount of pushups that I can do?
What is it like to feel nostalgic?
I haven't listened to much rap in my life but I heard some 2Pac the other day and i really liked it. Can you recommend similar old school west coast gangster rap?
I need to know how to make a mojito.
What kind of Pokemon games are there for the Gameboy Advance?
Can you help me write a poem?
Has the Supreme Court always been 9 justices?
I have ADHD and am looking to manage symptoms without medicine. Do you have any ideas?
What kind of food can I make with regular deli ham?
What are some sweet items I can put bacon in?
I have an old blood stain on my jeans, is there a way to remove it?
Can you give me the ingredients to make the perfect spaghetti?
My toddler hates the vacuum. How can I help him get used to the sound of the vacuum?
Are the Japanese and the Koreans of the same descent?
How do I know if my child is growing well?
Hi, I've been told I should incorporate front planks into my workout. Can you describe how to perform one?
In what order do the colors appear in a rainbow?
Why do humans have so much back pain?
what are the pros and cons of playing poker online?
Why don't other countries have the same game as American Football?
How do I do a side ponytail?
How do I teach my kids to keep their toys tidy?
I want to scale Mount Everest. What steps should I take to prepare myself?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mesfouf?
What is the meaning of life
Which state was the first to run a sanctioned lottery for US citizens to participate in?
Any good music sites to hear my songs?
How do I do elf on a shelf?
Hey! What kind of ingredients do I need to make vegan ginger molasses cookies?
What is the meaning of life?
Isis seem to be a very important goddess in Egyptian theology. What's her story?
What is autism?
How do I become a teacher?
How do I care for a wood table?
What is a direct cremation?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Braised Abalone?
What tools can I use to cut through sheet metal like steel?
What are some fun things to make out of origami?
how can i get a child not to favor one parent over the other?
What are some simple ways to improve my appearance?
What are basic steps to change my brakes myself?
Which items should I have to be prepared for a power outage?
Is it necessary to heat up my car?
What is Mitch Albom's best book?
I would like to start a band how would I do that?
Where can I see a giraffe?
What are some environmentally friendly ways to go to work?
Is HVAC a good career?
how can i have a good sleeping environment at night?
what are some fun accessories i can buy a little girl?
Why does copper have anti micro bacterial properties?
I want to start making my own salad dressings.
Can you tell me the process of cleaning shrimp?
I'm trying to learn more about the comedian Larry David.
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
Can rust be removed from metal?
how do i grow a rat tail?
What should I consider when buying a classic car?
Can you describe why the ancient Egyptians built the pyramids?
Can you suggest gifts that a whiskey lover would love? Minus whiskey, though, they have plenty of that.
Can you tell me how to replace my social security card?
What are some cool rides at Disneyland a ten year old would enjoy?
How can I publish a book I wrote
Can you tell me what company developed the video game Red Dead Redemption?
If someone needs braces, but never gets them, what can happen to their teeth and jaw?
What to write in a card to cheer someone up?
Hi, my friend says I should get acquainted with the work of Steely Dan. Can you help me create a playlist of their best and most popular songs, and albums, so that I can familiarize myself with their body of work?
How can I wipe fingerprints off my tv screen without scratching or damaging the screen?
I want to take Zumba Gold classes. Do you know anything about it?
I'm taking a trip to Paris and want to see the popular landmarks and attractions. What are they?
Believe it or not, it has taken me a long time to perfect cooking an egg. It seems easy, but it's not. The wrong heat, the wrong pan, the wrong amount of oil or butter can really throw things off. I still wanna find a technique that allows to cook perfectly well fried eggs. Are there any methods you're aware of?
Can you explain the process that Reddit uses when closing a sub-Reddit for violating community guidelines?
How do you avoid the flu?
I got a moving violation recently for speeding. Can you guide me through the process of paying a speeding ticket in Arlington, VA?
What date was ozzy osbourne born
how do i get my kids to save up some of their money instead of using it all
Do people in Italy eat a lot of Pizza?
How do I prepare for my first time skydiving?
Find Van Halen songs
How do I deal with anorexia?
Are Broadway shows fun for a kid?
Hey! I'm struggling to learn how to meal prep. What are some staples that I can make as a beginner?
I cannot decide if I should homeschool my children or send them to public schools. Any suggestions?
Why do people drink coffee?
I am thinking about going to Spain for a holiday. Where are some good beach destinations?
How can I shave my legs without hurting myself?
What islands should I visit in Hawaii?
How do you charge the battery from a cordless power tool?
How do I groom my dog?
What are supplies I need for birdwatching?
It is my first winter in my new home and I am getting ready to winterize it. What steps do I need to take to make sure that my new home is not damaged by the cold weather and snow?
What are some different kinds of pancakes I can make?
I am very pale, but I'd like to be tan. What are some of the ways I can get my skin to look tanner?
How often should I get a general physical as an adult?
How do I organize an office party?
Can you tell me a recipe for an Indian curry dish?
Do you have any tips for how I can get rid of a cold quicker?
Find Johnny Depp movies
What basketball teams are in the Western Conference?
I just put a new battery in my car last month and its already dead. What could be wrong?
I get very tired in the afternoon and have to nap
how can i bench press more?
I want to know more about the movie A Star Is Born. Who were the main actor and actress?
I planted some sunflowers and they are already drooping a bit. What did I do wrong?
I want to make a knife from high carbon steel. I know you have to heat treat the steel at the end to harden it so that you can make and keep a sharp blade. Do you know more about this process?
Is it possible to make mayonnaise at home?
what birthday present can I get for a girl who loves faries?
How can i get ready faster in the morning?
What should I feed my dog if I can't afford to buy dog food?
I wanna learn how to brew my own beer
Does being a running back in the NFL decrease a person's life expectancy?
Do people in Italy eat a lot of Pizza?
How can I make my own guacamole at home?
How do I treat ringworm at home?
I'm thinking about getting my daughter a horse for her birthday, but I've heard horses are very expensive and can also be dangerous. Do you have any advice?
Are trains safe to travel in?
What are some dance moves I should learn for attending a wedding?
How do I make a fake cake out of play doh?
How often should I bathe a six month old?
Covid 19 has been really bad for the world. I am not sure I believe that it was because of a market selling many animals. Where did Covid 19 come from?
What activities should I do with a 5 year old who is bored?
What is the most successful American actor of all time?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zong Zi?
How do I hook up my echo dot to my wifi?
Who are the founding members of the rock band Foreigner?
Are there any reality shows that are real?
What body language should I avoid engaging in during a job interview?
How do I get rid of boils?
I'm learning about inherited traits versus learned characteristics in dogs. Can you tell me the difference between the two concepts?
is there restriction on cod fishing off the coast of Maine
How do I go spelunking?
I'm trying to find a job that pays well without a college degree. What are some of the highest-paying ones?
What gears do you need for rock climbing?
Is there much of a difference between an electric oven and a gas one?
What's a good pumpkin cheesecake recipe?
How hard is it to become an actor? I've seen some flyers for an amateur dramatics society but don't want to show up unprepared and make a fool of myself.
How can I make traps for game in the woods?
How do I get rid of belly fat?
Sauerkraut seems to have been around for quite some time. How's it made?
I'm taking a trip across country and I have a gun with me that I have a permit for. However, I'm not sure what the individual laws are in different states, or what the laws are for crossing state lines with registered firearms. Can you help me clear this up?
What do I do? My baby keeps reaching for the electricity outlets.
Should I get a buffet or a la carte?
My friend is interested in getting a dog. She is not sure whether she should adopt or purchase one from the pet store. She has a two-year-old child.
I have some friends coming round tonight for drinks and I want to impress them with some fancy cocktails, any suggestions you can give me?
I'm really hungry and it's late at night. What's a good protein filled snack I can eat?
How should I prepare for tonsil removal?
How do you restore electrolytes after exercising and sweating a lot?
I'm trying to make money fast. Do you know any ways?
How do I decide which destination to choose on a cruise?
Do Jewish people believe in Jesus?
What is involved in a pap smear?
I'm planning a trip to Italy and I'd like to learn some common Italian phrases.
I'm having a vegetarian over for dinner and I have no idea what to make him, because most of what my family eats is meat. What are some easy to make vegetarian dishes?
Do you know who designed the Sydney Opera House?
Describe how to grow tomatoes
I would like to know the latest scientific breakthroughs
Describe how to grow tomatoes
How do I keep from bawling my eyes out in an emotional situation?
How do I stop my cat from getting hairballs?
I need to repaint my living room but I have never done it before. Are there any tips for painting a wall?
My dog peed on the couch and left a stain, is there an easy way to remove it?
Can you recommend me some good restaurants that are in Paris?
Search for peanut butter banana smoothie
How can I teach kids about cooperation?
How do you get over your fear of needles?
what is a good shakespeare play i can teach my children about?
Do you have any knowledge on food pairings for light lagers?
What sport does Michael Jordan play?
How do I decrease my power bill?
How can I start living a more minimal lifestyle?
What are some things I can do to improve my property value?
How do I paint glass jars?
How do I get stains out of clothing?
How do I organize my extra bedding?
How do you deal with rude people?
How do I wean my baby off of breastmilk?
My friend wants to quit smoking. How can I support her in her efforts?
I am attending a traditional Jewish funeral for a colleague. Can you explain to me Jewish funeral customs?
Search for Melissa McCarthy movies
Are Jeep's the best off road vehicle?
I would like to learn about the history of Dub Step, can you give me some information?
I want to bring a pie to Thanksgiving this year. Can you tell me some popular pie types?
What's the average height of men in america?
Hi, I need to find the area of a triangle for a homework assignment. Can you explain how to do that?
What are some ways I should NOT make a password?
How far can you travel in an electric car before it needs to recharge?
How do I get rid of boils?
Hi, I'd like to become a civil engineer. I just graduated from high school - what should I do next to pursue a career in that field?
How should I react if a bear attacks me in the woods?
How do I deal with being cyberbullied?
how long has Dairy Queen been in business?
My friend gave me a nice bottle of tequila for my birthday, what are some good ways to mix or drink?
What are some of the best buddy cop movies?
How do I know if I got Covid-19?
I really like the outdoor company Arcteryx. Can you recommend me a similar brand of similar quality?
I am thinking of starting a business but I am unsure what to do. What 3 business ideas would you suggest? and why?
What are some funny movies about the paranormal?
How can you tell accurately when a piece of meat is done cooking?
I need to do a project for my art class and I want help writing a plan for it.
How do I marry someone who lives in another country?
How do I make a mouse costume for halloween?
what are traditional thai foods?
I have a small wart on my finger and was wondering how to get rid of it?
How can I restore my wood floors and make them look like new?
Can you list some examples of luxury clothing brands?
Search for Sylvia Browne's most popular books
How do I heal a toe that has no toenail?
I'm planning to get a new car, what type of car do you think os reliable and budget-friendly?
How does Paypal work?
I'm planning a trip to New York City. What are some of the popular attractions and landmarks?
How do you convert feet to miles?
How do I teach my kids to keep their toys tidy?
WHat is the purpose of a Himalayan salt lamp?
I need to repair my garage door
What are some classic games like chess I can play on a board?
What are kinds of animals that live on the savannah?
How do I practice speech with my child?
How can I get motivated to make some music like when I was younger?
I want to watch an action movie with a female lead and no sex scenes. What would you recommend?
Why do the old Roman buildings have so many pillars all over the place?
What types of acids can I add to my chilis to improve their flavour as I find them a little flat?
What month do stores start selling winter clothes?
When was the MARS chocolate company founded?
What are some good gift ideas for a 6 year old boy?
I'm trying to find a place to have tea in New York City. Can you help?
I am trying to whiten my teeth a bit. Do you know of any ways that I can whiten my teeth at home?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some new dishes. Can you give me a recipe for lentil soup?
I'm curious about listening to different tunes. What are some big hits from the B-52s?
Is a basset hound a good pet?
What things should I include in a fish aquarium?
What are some dollhouse accessories I can get?
I'm trying to comfort a niece of mine, who got an F, on her exam at school. Any suggestions?
How far can you travel in an electric car before it needs to recharge?
What sport should I try to get into playing?
what can I use to whiten my toilet?
What careers could one pursue with a biology degree?
Is it illegal for my neighbors to park their cars in front of my mailbox, even if it is on the street?
What are some good recent vampire movies?
Are artificial sweeteners better for the body than regular sugar?
What can you tell me about emperor penguins?
What bands would I like if I like Simon and Garfunkel?
What types of fruit trees can I plant in my garden that can handle cold winters?
My son has been really sad lately because his pet goldfish died. He is too young to fully understand the concept of death. How do I explain the death of my 7-year-old's goldfish to him?
Would you be able to tell me about the origins of pizza?
Does wheat have more Carbs than rice?
I want to cook a cake. Can you tell me the steps on how to properly fill a pastry bag?
Can you tell me how to find out if I can burn debris in my yard?
I have an infection and I'm coughing up green phlegm. What are these symptoms of?
I love listening to Jazz, especially Miles Davis. Can you recommend any similar music or artists?
What are places I could visit in Oaxaca, Mexico?
How do I lay bricks?
Find Eliza Dushku movies
I'm trying to write an essay
I have to record a meeting I'm attending tomorrow. What's the best audio recorder to use?
What are some fun 100th day of school activities?
Should I put cement or gravel in my front yard?
What is an easy craft I can help my kids with for their mother?
I keep waking up from sleep sweating from a nightmare. It happens every day. What can I do?
I need to learn some common food terms in Spanish.
Is ASL the same as sign language in other countries?
I'm 13 years old and think this guy in one of my classes is so cute and smart. How can I make him notice me?
What are some alcoholic beverages that contain coca cola?
Find a recipe for tuna noodle casserole
where can i find fresh pineapple near me 61920?
Do you know if it's legal to have a pet pig in Maryland?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Trucha con Hierbas?
How do dog whistles work? How come humans cant hear them?
What is Tzatziki?
Who are the top five most loved kings or queens throughout history?
I'm going to Portuguese and need to learn some words for food seasonings.
What is the Big Bang Theory?
Can you describe how bees make honey?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
What country has the highest age of retirement?
How many amendments are there in the constitution?
After I got back from my daily walk I started to notice my knee started to ache. I think I may have arthritis and I was wondering if stretching prior to walking would help mitigate some of the pain associated with the arthritis?
I love birds. I'm thinking about building a house for the doves that frequent my yard every year. Can you help me come up with a list of supplies I might need to pickup from the hardware store?
Hi! I'm thinking about buying a puppy with my boyfriend. Any advice for novice pet owners on training a puppy?
How do you plant a garden?
I'm trying to think of gift ideas to get my mother for her birthday. Do you have any recommendations of a gift a can make by hand?
What can I make with leftover turkey?
Why do conservatives think that the 2020 presidential election was stolen from Trump when at least 5 million more people voted for Biden?
I'm having 10 people over for Thanksgiving, what do I need to do to plan?
How do I make Mexican carne asada tacos?
What tool is suitable for scrapping off burned on food on stove top?
Can you explain the different parts of the human eye for me?
Where are the Spice Girls now?
What's a 3 ring circus?
Will Arnett is a great actor, and has a lot of voiceover work too. What are some of his biggest and most famous works?
What are pros and cons of using cloth diapers?
How can I do more networking and make some important friends?
I need a recipe for baked beans.
What interstates will I be taking in the USA if I'm driving cross country?
When was The Beatles first tour?
Is a 10 speed bike better than a 3 speed bike?
How do I get stains out of the collars of baby shirts?
I'm looking to learn a little bit about the Holodomor. Can you tell me what it was?
My computer has been turning off even though the battery is at over half. What is causing this?
I notice there are two kinds of pet food at my local store, Wet and Dry, is one of them better than the other for my cat?
How can you make cheese at home?
Search for a plum crisp recipe
How do I make chocolate covered pretzels?
Hey! I want to start a dropshipping store but I'm not exactly sure how to get started.
what dogs make good guard dogs?
Do you have any helpful tips on getting used to wearing sunscreen? I hate the feeling on my skin
What are some good chocolate brands for valentine's day?
I know it's a short time frame, but what's the best way to see improvement if I want to get in shape for a month. I want to see results fast so it will encourage me to keep going from there.
Can you help me find a show on Hulu that is a adult comedy cartoon like South Park?
Why do women wear white at a wedding?
Why do people gets shots of vitamin D?
I need some information on how to do an oil painting
I'm going to be fishing for bluefish soon and I would like some tips.
Do kids like to learn ice hockey?
Has the Supreme Court always been 9 justices?
can you explain synonyms
How do I change the oil in my car?
Can you help me understand how gravity works?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Biltong?
How can I steadily apply a pencil eyeliner?
What is the average temperature in November in Washington DC?
Find the best holiday movies
How can I be a better boxer?
I'm trying to lower my weekly grocery bill. What are some ways to save money while grocery shopping?
I want to train and become a boxer. How do I start?
I just bought a puppy but I already have an older cat at home. What is the best way to introduce the puppy to my cat?
I'd like to plan a gluten free Christmas dinner.
Are Uggs boots still in style?
Where do koala bears live?
Does getting a college education, lead to longer life expectancy overall? I've wondered.
I'm trying to find arguments against smoking. Can you help?
At what age should a child stop playing with toys?
I am a teacher and I cannot control my class of unruly students, can you give me any advice?
What can I see in Rome?
What are some things I can do to save money on my gas bill
What can I do to reduce lower back pain?
How do you bring up the system specs screen in Win 10?
how can I learn guitar for beginners
I'm thinking about doing a skydive, do you recommend it?
Where is the best place to go shopping when visiting Japan?
What is your chance at winning at a slot machine?
When was Domino's Pizza founded?
Hi, I recently purchased a Tokay gecko. What do I need to do, and buy, to care for it?
What are some good pastries I can eat in the morning?
What if my 13 year old wants to start dating?
How can I prevent spam calls?
Who is John Travolta?
Hi, I have my first ever job interview on Monday. How should I dress for it?
Who started the War of 1812?
How do I keep my white clothes looking bright?
How much does a pool filter cost for an inground pool?
What does waxing your car do to protect the paint job?
What is the temperature range in Washington DC at this time of year?
It was snowing the other day and I saw lightning. How can there be lightning and thunder when it's snowing?
Is it okay to bury a dead cat in your yard?
Should you use mouthwash everyday?
Can you recommend an album by a female vocalist?
Is it difficult to make a birdhouse?
How do you make milk tea?
How can I break up with someone peacefully?
How do I train a puppy?
I'm a 81 year old and it looks like I might have to start buying adult diapers. Do you have any recommendations on what I should be looking for?
how do you make an igloo?
Could you help me understand the differences between Republicans and Democrats?
What does a guidance counselor do?
I'm trying to give up soda. What are some flavorful but healthier drinks?
What are some good things I can point out to my kids during a nature walk?
What are places I can visit in Topeka, KS?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dobara?
I would like to visit Japan, can you recommend it?
How can I discover new music on spotify?
How do I fly a kite?
What is graphic design?
How do I use an encyclopedia?
Is Tracfone a good prepaid plan?
What's the difference between a light roast and other roasts of coffee?
I need a crab cake recipe.
How much gas does a 747 jet airliner use to take off?
How do I unclog a bathroom sink?
Do you think you can give me some information about what marxism is?
What is the process for trial of a new drug?
I'm planning a special anniversary date for my girlfriend next week. What are some good things we can do together?
When is deer hunting season?
How do I make a gluten-free cheesecake?
I'm trying to think up what to give my new girlfriend for her birthday. It's my first birthday gift to her since we started dating, so I want it to be special. Do you have any suggestions?
I'm thinking about buying an electric car. I want to know the downsides of owning one.
How do I make a drink with clamato?
I keep getting a lot of ants in my kitchen. Is there some way I can get them to stay out of my house?
I'm making popcorn at home. What are some good ways to flavor it?
Where did the idea of eggs and bacon as a breakfast food originate?
Who is Stone Cold Steve Austin?
How likely is it that cordless electricity will be more prevalent in society in the future?
How can I make a car air freshener?
What is a TBI?
How do I get more flexible in ballet?
Hi, I need to find the area of a triangle for a homework assignment. Can you explain how to do that?
Please tell me about a referendum that shortened the French presidential term.
I've heard that american malls, have been tanking in profit, due to cultural change. Heard much about this?
The mousepad on my macbook is making louder clicking noises than normal. How might I troubleshoot this?
How can I improve my negotiation skills?
What are some easy ways to make people laugh?
Is there a difference in enlisting in the Army vs. the Navy?
Lately I'
What are traffic conditions like today in this area?
How can I make edible water bubbles
how do you adjust the way file explorer display the content?
It helps me to have a positive clear image of where I want to be in the next few years. Can you help me conceive of a better life for myself? Some info about me: I’m an academic. I live in California but I miss my family. I have a dog and a husband.
I want to go to Italy on vacation for two weeks. I want to see historical sights.
Do countries with Universal Healthcare have better overall health outcomes?
Can you tell me how Dubai is a leader in Sustainability and environmental policy?
Can you tell me how to book a charter fishing boat to the Florida Keys?
How do you know if you are entering menopause?
How can I organize my record collection?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Basbousa?
Which American president was involved in the Watergate scandal?
What is the time difference between New York and Salt Lake City?
What is Alcatraz famous for?
How do I become a preschool teacher?
how do i know if my child needs hearing aids?
If I make a verbal contract is it legally binding?
I'd like to comfort a friend who recently stubbed their big toe. Any suggestions?
what do i do about my little nephew who always strips off his clothes?
What do I do about a spider bite?
How many husbands has Jennifer Aniston had?
How do I become a speech therapist?
How do I make Indonesian fried rice?
Is legal in the United States to have a pet goat?
How do you organize a high school reunion?
What is an EIN?
What are some good soap operas?
When is deer hunting season?
What is the best time of the year to visit Thailand?
I am trying to learn where manatees live. Can you help?
How can I make money in the stock market?
What purpose does the liver serve in a human
What can I do to remove calcium from a faucet?
How can I become a graphic designer?
What is the best selling candy in the US?
Hi, I've never taken public transit before, but I'd like to start. Can you tell me what I need to know about taking the bus?
What are some ways to use pumpkins in cooking?
What are some fun role playing games to play with Barbie?
I'm taking a trip overseas. What are some of the things I need to do to prepare?
What are some good stereo speakers for PCs?
How many medals has Lance Armstrong won?
What time of the year should I plant cabbage in my garden if I live on the east coast?
what are some fun things my child can pretend to be a drum?
Is it bad to sleep with the light on?
Can you recommend some ways to propose marriage to my girlfriend?
What exercises should I do to improve core strength?
how do i get rid of nausea when pregnant?
Is Antarctica a continent?
What are some good cat toys that can teach her problem solving?
What foods are high in iron?
I'm writing a blog article for novice UX designers who are preparing their portfolio. What are some of the most important topics I should research and add to the article?
I'm trying to make pesto using fresh basil. I have a recipe but perhaps you have a better recipe.
What are some good martial arts for kids?
how do i make miso soup?
should I see my doctor for my foot
What are some simple ways to improve my appearance?
How can I discover new music on spotify?
How did the planets get their names?
Hi, I have to find the volume of a 20-sided die for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
I see homeless people collecting cans out of the garbage sometimes. I know they sell these, but who buys them?
I'm looking for some music to add to my playlist. Can you suggest anything? I like rock, pop and country.
Is a rabbit a good pet?
How do I take on more responsibility at work?
Will it ever be possible for man to fly close to the Sun without burning up?
Who built the Notre Dame Cathedral?
What are some of the funniest movies of all time?
How can you get your cat to go in the litter box?
What are some cocktails that can be made using malibu?
Was the USA's original government modeled on the French or the British?
What can I see in Phoenix?
what are some good alternative toys for a girl who loves barbies?
Can you explain volume price analysis to me?
What is polypropene?
Could you help me learn how to make sugar cookies?
I want to know the history of the Constitution. Do you think you can help me?
How can I skip stones across the water?
Should you stretch before a run?
How do I make a margarita?
How do I play the floor is lava?
What do they do with the old CRT monitors at the dump?
How do I layer clothing for fashion?
What happened at the Alamo?
When is the anime Chainsaw Man being released?
What does A1C mean?
How do I help my child who is being bullied in school?
I got a crockpot for my birthday, but I'm not sure how to use it. What is a crockpot good for?
Where do hamsters live in the wild? The only time I've ever seen them is in a pet store.
What does it mean to live a good life?
Could you recommend me some bands that are similar to Cold Play?
how do i attract butterflies to my garden?
I'm trying to remember the plot of The Little Prince, by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. Do you know?
What are kinds of lasagna I can make?
Why are some trees poisonous to humans?
I'm looking for some music to add to my playlist. Can you suggest anything? I like rock, pop and country.
How do you get over your fear of speaking in front of a crowd?
I keep hearing this diesel truck driving by, do they get good gas mileage?
I have to use Uber for a bit since my car is broken down. Can you provide me with any safety tips for riding ubers at night?
i am trying to write a blog about 'why we need to rethink the way we build skills for todays economy'. Can you help me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sicilian Blood Orange Salad?
At some point in the near future will AI be more intelligent than humans?
Find a recipe for oatmeal peanut butter cookies
What are traditional indonesian foods?
I need a suggestion for a new band to listen to
Can you tell me how to measure the hardness of my tap water?
I love caesar salads and want to make one at home. Can you give me a recipe?
Hello, I am trying to find the most dry cabernet sauvignon from California. Can you help?
Hey! How do I level up as a person?
i have a strange lump on my arm. what should i do?
How can I find my way out if I'm lost in the woods?
Can you link me a recipe for edible brownies?
Could you provide me some information on the Bosnian War?
what are some stews I can make?
What should I do when I see the check engine light on in my car?
Why shouldn't I exterminate bees?
When can I see Northern Lights in Alaska?
How long do horses live for?
What is a good budget soldering iron for repairing electronics?
I'm trying to find the serial number of my Macbook. Can you help me find it?
What is a good age to get married?
Have scientists figured out a way to remove excess CO2 from the atmosphere yet?
What are the best Metallica songs?
How do I make meatloaf?
What are some cute dress up items for girls?
I took my car to be inspected and the mechanic told me it needed a new alternator. What is an alternator and what does it do?
Where did the name bluetooth come from?
I'm looking for a personalized gift for my friend for his graduation. What are some good personalized gifts I can buy?
My friend is coming over for dinner but they're vegan. I don't know anything about vegan food. What can I serve as a main course?
How do I make papusas?
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
I want to make chocolate chip cookies using oatmeal. Do you have a recipe?
How long should I use new led mask a day?
Why do I have tinnitus in the morning?
I'm having car troubles. When I start the car, even if it's been running for a while, the heater doesn't put out any heat.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Hawawshi?
How can I learn to play the flute?
My supervisor often does a lot of tasks incorrectly. What's the best way to handle this?
How can I develop better public speaking skills?
What is the Paris Peace Treaty of 1919?
I'm trying to find out who the composer Beethoven is. Can you help?
My dog keeps digging up the soil in my house plants. What can I do to stop this behavior?
My favorite band is the Beatles, but I'm looking for new music to listen to. Can you recommend similar bands?
At what age should kids start learning to ride a horse?
What is self tanner?
What islands should I visit in Hawaii?
What is the best free tax software?
I'd like to make a pumpkin pie for the first time.
what can you tell me about the Russian Revolution of 1917?
How many medals has Lance Armstrong won?
Sometimes after a long and stressful day at work I like to relax and unwind by watching tv. Are there any feel-good shows you could recommend?
Can you tell me what kind of plants are good to keep inside the home?
How many different grades of asphalt are there?
Should I monitor the things my teen is doing on the internet?
What is the best place to surf in the continental US?
Just in your own opinion, do you think that epistemic norms are genuine? Or should we be epistemic consequentialists?
Where was the first pub located?
It's supposed to be a really snowy winter. Can you help me pick out good boots to buy so I won't slip on the ice or snow?
How can I get my dog used to travel?
Find David Charvet movies
What should I do to my skin after a shower?
How can I keep mosquitoes and other insects from biting without using repellent with chemicals on my skin?
What kind of dish is a gratin?
What are health benefits of fish?
What will encourage a shy person to try new experience?
How do you cool off your mouth after eating something very spicy?
How do I get my child to want to walk more and not be in a stroller as much?
How many times a day should a child brush their teeth?
How do you make your own bacon?
If I'm a US citizen, how can I visit Cuba?
Do ketchup stains come out of denim pants?
What are some interesting enchilada styles I can make?
How can I train myself to be a more focused person?
What can you tell me about the bail bondsman occupation?
I just got a fitness tracker and it has a goal of 10,000 steps a day, is that what I should try for?
Can you play android mobile games on a chromebook?
What can I clean with baking soda?
I'm thinking about watching a movie tonight. Do you know any movies starring Joseph Mawle?
When did yeasted bread become popular in culture? Also, did indigenous people of the U.S., use yeasted bread?
Search for a muesli recipe
How can I keep going when I feel like a failure?
Is there a limit on how cold something can be?
Find Def Leppard songs
Is it necessary to moisturize, or can skin naturally moisturize itself?
How do I make a bat costume?
Who is Kamala Harris?
A long time ago we used gold for a main currency. Who invented the US Dollar? and why?
Is there a safe way to wash printed cups in the dishwasher?
What can I put in a quesadilla besides beans?
I'm starting a new job this week. How can I have a smooth transition to a new work environment?
I am researching machine learning and need some advice on papers and journals to read on this topic
Any advice on how to care for a fish?
Can anyone register to be a bone marrow donor?
How do I avoid carpal tunnel?
I want to send a holiday newsletter out to friends and family to give them an update on our lives.
I'm taking a trip to Seattle. Can you tell me some attractions or landmarks to check out?
What countries are near the south pole?
What should I do to my skin after a shower?
Can you help me explain to my daughter about the Moon and its cycles?
Is Alkaline water better for you?
I'm trying to eat healthier so I lose weight. Can you tell me what some good weight loss foods are?
I'm traveling to Belgium soon. What should I know about the country?
Can you suggest a good set of headphones for $150?
I'm interested in losing weight. What should I do?
I want to buy a boat. What should I consider?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rougaille?
How do I lighten the underarms?
I'm planning a trip to New York City. What are some of the popular attractions and landmarks?
Can you tell me how hone air conditioners work?
I have a sore on one of my toes from my shoes being too tight. Is there anything i can do to prevent this in the future, without replacing my shoes?
Where were the Winter Olympics held in 1980?
Can you explain what a nautical mile is?
What’s the best way for me to learn Portuguese?
What is Mercari?
How do you improve work life balance?
Can you translate the word "Cachucha" for me?
Is there any way to prevent bacon from sticking to the pan when cooking?
Can you explain to me how wine is made?
Who won the palme d'or this year?
How do you rename the volume label of a drive in Win 10?
What are some cute items my child can collect?
what is mosaic down syndrome?
What does gluten free mean?
Which foods should I eat to gain weight?
Should I buy a regular watch or a smart watch?
I'm curious about the Neolithic period. Can you tell me about that period specifically in regards to the South and East Asia region?
What are some ways to improve efficiency when doing house cleaning chores?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mesfouf?
Can you give me an explanation on how humans were technically created from stars?
how do i learn to fly a kite?
What is a gluten free alternative to flour for making bread?
should i go to los angeles or new york?
I'm buying a new car and I've been told to avoid black or white cars because dirt shows up on them so easily. Do you have any opinions on that?
Are bugs warm or cold blooded?
Can you tell me 3 unusual world records?
How do you teach a dog to sit?
find a good place to learn computer repair
I'm making a lemon caper dip. So far I have the Greek full fat yogurt, lemon juice, and capers. Do you know of a recipe that can tell me what other ingredients I am missing to complete my lemon caper dip?
My dog is snoring
How do you complete a sudoku puzzle?
how do i pick strawberries?
What are some good types of toys for kids who love superheroes?
I want to start snowshoeing. What do I need to know?
How can I remove wood stain?
Which of these are not considered a primary color on the color wheel? 1. Blue 2. Green 3. Red 4. Purple
Should I foster a teenager?
How do I make spicy buffalo wings?
what does it take to become a performer for disney on ice?
Should I invest in the stock market?
I'm trying to learn more about the comedian Larry David.
How did Princess Diana die?
How do I make my hair look more shiny and healthy?
How do I groom a dog?
I would like to find some ways to get in shape that are also fun. Do you know any?
Is it possible to make mayonnaise at home?
indoor plant to boost air quality
When was the German battleship Bismarck launched?
I want to learn more about Albert Einstein. Can you help me?
My rooster makes noise too early in the morning. What should I do?
What would be the best time of the year to plant Black-Eyed Susans?
I'm about to head to Florida tonight specifically Orlando. How far of a drive is it from my location in Virginia?
What are the benefits of working from home?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Dublin Coddle?
What should I do for myself after I got a raise?
My "friend" spilled red wine all over my new white carpet
How do you turn on dark or night mode in Chrome?
I read something that stated "humans can only see 0.0035 percent of the visible light spectrum". What is hypothesized as making up the portions that humans cannot see?
How can I get over having feelings for a close friend?
Who are the original 6 NHL teams?\
What should I wear to a wedding?
Can you tell me how a carbon tax credit works?
My boyfriend is a big sports fan. What are some gift ideas to help him cheer for his favorite team?
Can you explain what a franchisee is when it comes to fast food restaurants?
Which type of cookies are healthier. Oatmeal chocolate chip cookies or regular chocolate chip cookies?
What are simple ways to build upper body strength?
What are some types of shoes I can collect as a woman?
How can one deal with passive aggressive people?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
Is there a way to prevent dust build up on monitor screen?
Can you list some examples of string musical instruments?
I'd like to find some way to either buy waterproof shoelaces or waterproof shoelaces myself. Do you have any advice?
How can I get rid of gallstones?
I am looking for some new podcasts to listen to. Are there any that you would recommend?
Is the Sun a star?
What is the most popular color of cars?
I'm trying to find the safest neighborhood to buy a house in, in Richmond, Virginia.
What does too much caffeine do to you?
What can I install in my children's playground for flooring so they don't hurt themselves?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad Kra Pao?
What kind of dog doesn't shed much?
How do I balance my check book?
I'm looking for some Christmas movies that are more suited for adults. Do you have any recommendations?
How do I find out if a stocks price to earnings ratio is good?
How do I unclog a bathroom sink?
Find a spicy chili recipe
Do you know why we haven't gone to the moon again? The US went there a couple times and that was it.
I want to invest in crypto currency
What was Marilyn Monroe famous for?
Please tell me what you know about Mars.
How can I make my own bone broth?
Glen Campbell used to be a famous singer. What are a few of his big songs?
What is mono?
What is Twitter?
I'm trying to make my laptop battery last longer. What can I do?
I would like to get an explanations about how windmills work and what they are used for. Can you help?
Is it possible for ocean water to freeze?
What day is Easter?
what are some homeopathic methods for pain relief?
How can I talk like a pirate?
How do I know if I have a migraine?
How do you get rid of stretch marks?
Might The Lock Ness Monster really exist?
What are some common fish for a freshwater fish tank?
Do horses get sad the same as humans do?
Hi, I have a pair of old brown leather shoes, and they're pretty scuffed, How can I polish them?
How can I create a desert garden in my backyard?
I'm trying to learn more about the popular game fortnite.
What are some bands that are similar in style to Pavement?
What was the name of that story where the character wore a glove filled with vaseline?
What are some places in the Southwest that I should visit?
Can you tell me the procedure for washing a wool coat?
How can I be more humble?
Do you have any ideas for a vacation?
What's the best place to visit along the U.S coastline in the winter? I'd like to experience lots of snow, if possible.
Hi, my shoulder really hurts, and its been bothering me for a couple of weeks now. What can I do to alleviate the pain, and treat whatever's causing it so that I don't experience more of it?
I wonder if people buy music on CDs anymore. It seems the majority of music I own these days, was purchased digitally.
I heard that basketball was an American invention?
What type of sunscreen is needed in Cabo San Lucas?
I'm trying to find tickets to Tina on Broadway for November 30th. Can you help?
How do I understand a court document?
How do you play bocci ball?
How do you know your blood type?
My friend's mother just died. How can I support her through her grief?
Is a higher octane gasoline better for your car?
Is soccer good for kids to play?
How hot is the surface of the Sun?
How do I get my newborn to sleep 12 hours at night
What are different prosthetics I can get?
Would a food critic be a fun career?
What are some kinds of Italian rice I can make?
How often is normal to go poo during the day?
When was Dell established?
Is gallbladder removal a major surgery?
Is the appendix really 'useless'?
How do you make banana pancakes?
when did the first samsung smartphone come out?
What is the Knights of Columbus?
What is mono?
How do you treat acne?
How do I make fried chicken?
I want to teach my kids how to knit.
How can I wake up on time naturally without an alarm?
What are places to visit in Seattle?
What can I do if I have chest congestion?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Percebes?
What is it like to visit Japan?
What does the Salvation Army do?
How do you fully wash a car?
What are some good places to eat in New York City?
Can you tell me how to book a charter fishing boat to the Florida Keys?
How do I teach my kids to keep their toys tidy?
How do I make a mixed media collage?
How can you determine if water is drinkable when out in the wild?
My child only wants to play with one kid. how do I get her to make other friends?
My son is into retro gaming and has fallen in love with the Sega Genesis console. I want to buy him the most popular game that was released for it. What game is that?
What's the best way to make a Shepherd's Pie?
What is an insurance deductible?
Which is better for gaming, xbox or playstation?
I'm trying to learn more info about the Appetite for Destruction album by Guns N' Roses.
Is the Guiness Book of World Records still published yearly?
How can I become better at speaking in public
What is the biggest lake in the world?
How should I teach my son about mathematics? He's ten years old.
Is a physical therapist a good occupation?
Is fashion design a good career?
What is needed to get a permit to hold a public demonstration?
Can kids learn pickleball easily?
I'm going to get my wisdom tooth out. What kind of anesthesia is used?
What's the weather like in Denver this upcoming week?
What is math rock and can you recommend some math rock bands?
How can I stop a bad habit?
Can rust be removed from metal?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
Do you think you can tell me how the black plague started?
I am trying to learn about the Wars of the roses. Do you know about them?
Can you help me understand the meaning of the lyrics in the song "In the Air Tonight" by Phil Collins?
Are smartphones predicted to replace personal computers at some point?
Do most people that commit homicide in the US end up getting caught?
What are the duties of WHO?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tanzanian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ndizi na nyama?
How can I make a piping bag?
I need to do a project for my art class and I want help writing a plan for it.
How do you screenshot on an Iphone?
Hi, I have a bunch of cucumbers that will probably end up spoiling, and I'd like to make pickles with them. Can you explain how to do that?
How do I keep a nature journal?
Sometimes I wonder if dreams have meaning, I heard somewhere that dreams only last a few seconds and not all night long like we remember in the morning. Is this true?
What are the most common foods in the kitchen, that cause disease? I read an article stating that potatoes could be potentially quite dangerous if not stored correctly.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Githeri?
How can I help my children to interpret the Bible?
Can you tell me what the code of hammurabi was?
Have we visited all of the planets in the solar system yet?
It seems like people are so divided by politics nowdays, has it always been this bad?
I think toilet paper is wasteful. Are there any alternatives?
I have heard that incense can be used to help you from getting sick?
How do you make a mold of a kids' hand?
A long time ago we used gold for a main currency. Who invented the US Dollar? and why?
I've heard about VooDoo, but don't know much about it. Do you know the history of it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mrenda?
What is a bath bomb?
How does water move through plastic in the case of condensation and is there anyway to prevent this from happening?
What does it mean if my favorite color is purple>
How do you donate plasma?
What are some good martial arts for kids?
Can you tell me instructions and a recipe for deep frying a Thanksgiving turkey?
Could dragons have ever existed?
Why did the actor who plays George O'Malley on Grey's Anatomy leave the show?
Why are there 24 hours in a day?
What is the benefit of having a V-12 engine in your car?
Does a horse require a lot of money?
What Italian words should I learn before a trip?
How do I stream music for free?
How does ruby on rails work?
I've heard that Uma Thurman has done charity work. She's a great actress. I'm curious what you might know about her work?
I'm getting into cycling as an adult and I'm wondering if I need to put a rearview mirror on my bike handlebars.
My friend bought me an original Super Mario Brothers game for the NES. Can you tell me how that game was reviewed when it first came out in 1985?
What are some ways to make my house smell good?
What kinds of snakes are common in Florida?
What is bipolar disorder?
Why is overnight shipping so much more expensive than regular shipping?
I'm applying for a job that's above my experience level. Should I lie about having ore experience, or tell the truth? Why or not why?
Can you explain the details of the concepts of training a dolphin like the ones at Sea World?
Man has been making art for a long time, do you know what the oldest record of man made art is from?
How do you learn Spanish?
what are some easy fish to keep in a fish tank?
How do I housebreak a puppy?
Can frogs breathe under the water?
What kind of flowers can survive well in the winter months?
How do I clean a carpet?
Which company developed the rpg Kingdom Hearts?
What are main plots in season 1 of House of Cards?
Is carbonated water, very healthy to drink? I mean just water with CO2 infused?
How can I make Thanksgiving stuffing from scratch?
I have not been falling asleep fast enough. Any advice how to improve it without medication?
How do I remove dark circles from under my eyes?
I'm writing a blog article for novice UX designers who are preparing their portfolio. What are some of the most important topics I should research and add to the article?
I would like to learn how to whistle, can you help?
How can I tell if my dog is deaf?
What is BB cream?
I want to make a ham omelet. I have never cooked it before. Can you help me?
When I make food for baby does it have to be with his formula or can I use regular milk?
What are the benefits of owning a smart TV? I am going to purchase a new TV but am unsure whether or not to get this type of product.
How do I stop my dog from barking all the time?
I want to have a dinner party. Can you give me good ideas for appetizers?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dinuguan?
What's a good song for a first dance at a wedding?
Can you get stores to price match?
Hi, I've been drinking every day for a few weeks now, and I'm experiencing withdrawal symptoms when I try to stop. How can I safely detox from alcohol?
How can I get rid of a chin hair?
How do I get better at time management?
I am a massive fan of Japanese food. Can you provide me with a recipe for miso soup?
How do I take care of a palm tree?
i am trying to write a blog about 'why we need to rethink the way we build skills for todays economy'. Can you help me?
Why did ancient Egyptians store the organs of the dead, when they mummified their bodies?
Why do people get longer prison sentences for drug crimes than they do for murder?
Can you help me write a haiku poem about my cat?
I need to write about the characteristics of living organisms, can you list some?
Are airpods waterproof?
Should I use a travel agent or book online?
What year was the colored Gameboy released in the United States?
How do I organize odds and ends at home? For example, electronic parts, screws, etc? It's driving me crazy
What are places to visit in Sacramento?
What's a good way to ask a girl out?
Can you tell me what the dimensions are for a standard twin size bed?
What is the most popular dog breed in the US?
I'm looking to buy a hunting knife, but I'm having a hard time deciding between a fixed blade knife and a folding knife. What are the benefits and drawbacks of each?
What are some good pies to make for Christmas?
How do you get a marriage license?
I'm trying to learn how to take care of a cactus
What's the most luxurious brand of chocolate?
How are dread locks braided?
How do I keep my kids from crawling into my bed?
What is the difference in a town and a city?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Uruguayan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gnocchi?
How do 'I sign up for Netflix?
I want to remove a water stain that set in a week ago. Can you tell me what are some ways to remove a water stain from the wall? It's a small water stain.
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
what was Lee Majors famous for
What is the cheapest fuel you can use to heat your home in the winter?
what are some fun activities i can plan for a company picnic?
I got a moving violation recently for speeding. Can you guide me through the process of paying a speeding ticket in Arlington, VA?
Can you help me figure out how to access the BIOS in my PC?
Does Peanuts still write new content?
Why is the Vietnam War considered a failed war?
I was given some lavender essential oil.
What should I do to my skin after a shower?
I want to plant my own garlic. Can you tell me how to do that?
What is the coldest day of the year?
How can I make fish nuggets?
What is revenue?
How can I be a better boxer?
How do you keep the paint looking nice on your car?
Can you tell me just how dangerous drinking aspartame is for you? I only drink diet sodas, but I know some people say it causes cancer.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kabsa?
I keep hearing about Mercury Retrograde. Do you know what that means?
What is the best way to keep track of all of my bills?
How can I sew a quilt?
Hi, I would like to try my hand at making Key Lime pie. Can you give me a recipe to do that?
I'm trying to declutter my life and clean out some of the seemingly endless boxes of keepsakes, mementos, and assorted detritus which have piled up in the garage, attic, closets, etc. But when I do attempt to start wading through the stuff, I become sentimental and have a hard time throwing ANYTHING away. Then I just end up putting it all back and still feeling cluttered and frustrated.
The faucet in my bathroom is dripping, can you help me fix it?
I am doing a report on animals that can jump high. What are some specific animals that have the highest leap span relative to their height/length?
What over the counter medication should I take for indigestion?
Is there a major difference between American English and British English?
What things do I need to know to take care of a kitten?
I’m trying to write an apology letter
Hi, I've been banned on a site based on my IP address. How can I get a new IP to evade the ban?
I want to make a danish pastry from scratch, is this something you can help me learn?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Salata Baladi?
How do I bake banana bread from scratch?
Can you tell me about the traditions of the holiday Hanukkah so that I can teach my child.
I would like to learn some new crafts. Do you have any suggestions for crafts that are easy for beginners?
What are the parts of the human heart?
How can I decorate my house for 4th of July?
I'm curious about the different inventions originating from South America
Can you help me learn a little about bitcoin?
How do you wash and clean a non-stick pan without scratching the non-stick coating?
Can you recommend a tv show that has good mysteries in it?
looking to clean my dirty bathtub
How do you zero out a digital scale?
Are there any kind of syrup remedies that truly help get over a cold?
How can I clear ice from steps?
Is it better to use nails or screws on wood?
Is it easy to learn a new language?
How do I compost food scraps?
What is global warming?
The series Big Mouth on Netflix has become very popular. John Hamm has even voiced characters. What was the idea behind the series?
What can I consider if I want to become a Catholic priest?
I'm trying to find a drag show near me
How do I raise honeybees in my backyard?
What are the differences between jelly and jam?
What do I do about hay fever?
How does a fireplace remove smoke but keep the heat in the house?
Mala beads are so pretty, but I don't know how they're used for meditation. Can you explain it to me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ful medames?
Why are some motorcycles so loud?
What is web design?
Is wheat bad for you?
What are some good books for a kid who likes Harry Potter?
Can you help me say "Where is the pharmacy" in a few different languages?
How do I make a mexican corn cocktail?
Can you give me some information about the first man that travelled into space?
What are some good martial arts for elderly?
How can I safely dumpster dive?
When is the best time to get married?
What would be a nice way to decorate a Christmas tree?
How can my child help take care of the cat?
What activities can I do at a park?
What dish can I take to a Christmas party?
What does Aim High Fly Fight Win mean in the Air Force?
I would like to know about Jehovah's Witnesses. My grandmother is a very devout believer and I do not follow any sort of religion. What are some things I should know when conversing with her?
What can I use to help get chewed up gum out of my daughters hair without cutting it?
Why does the sky appear to be blue?
Someone gave me a bunch of fresh zucchini. I would hate for it to go to waste. Do you have any helpful ideas on ways I can cook it?
What can I use as creamer for coffee?
The adverts on YouTube are so annoying. How do I make them stop?
Can you tell me about bullfrogs?
What are the benefits of a smart TV?
What is the best sale phone for sale right now?
What are the pros and cons of rechargeable batteries?
How do I convince my mom that she needs to live in an assisted living facility?
How do you cool off your mouth after eating something very spicy?
Why did the band Black Sabbath end up firing Ozzy Osbourne?
When do solar eclipses occur?
How can I make a car air freshener?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Maraq Digaag?
How do you empty a bagless canister vacuum?
How you remove a rusty screw that's probably stuck?
what are some imaginative games I can play with my kids?
How do I take off excess skin?
What should you wear to a funeral?
What's a good way to display a toy car collection?
Pulitzer prize winning writers, inspire me. What's the best way to get that award?
What is Bruschetta?
Hi! I'm trying to cook jackfruit for the first time to fit my new vegan diet. Do you have any recipes or advice on how to best cook jackfruit?
How can I protect myself from people taking advantage of me?
how much tv should an adult watch in a day?
What is the best way to tie off a tender to the side of my boat?
Can you help me say some food words in Spanish?
How do you dry age beef?
What book should I start to read next?
I want to learn more about what makes organic milk different from normal mlik.
is there a difference between diversity training and social intelligence training?
How do you make your own bacon?
What are some fun decorations for a birthday cake for a child?
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
What is a good substitute for coffee
Can you tell me which company developed Castlevania Symphony of the Night?
What are the Twelve Days of Christmas?
What are some low maintenance pets that are easy to take care of?
How do you sterilize jars for canning?
I'm taking a trip to Machu Picchu. Can you tell me about it?
How does Rakuten work?
I'm buying a drone but I don't know what the laws are in terms of where I'm alloyed to fly, photograph and video record. I live in Salt Lake City, Utah. Can you give me any information?
I need a crab cake recipe.
Find Britney Spears songs
I've read that you can revive dry lettuce by placing the leaves into a pool of water. Why does this happen?
what ingredients are used to make tequila?
What do I need to know before I start investing in stocks?
What are some fictional creatures that often appear in fantasy novels?
Do you have any suggestions for how I can strengthen my immune system?
Is this a good time to buy stocks?
Why does bacteria grow at warm temperatures
How do I know when I need to replace my car tires?
I'm planning a surprise party for my friend and want to bake a birthday cake. Can you give me an easy recipe?
How much activity does a dog need?
How can I tell if an essay or article is reliable? What makes it have good credentials?
Do you know any good spots to visit in Canada?
With thanksgiving coming up I was wondering how to perfectly cook a turkey for dinner.
How can I learn how to dance?
What is the most affordable island in the bahamas to visit?
How can I make a pacifier clip?
Is there a safe way to wash printed cups in the dishwasher?
Why is Christmas celebrated on the 25th of December?
How can I reduce the amount of hair that my dog sheds?
What is the best active quarterback right now?
How do you signal for help in the wild?
What are some ways to be more respectful in public?
What is a gyro?
learn about the different values in buying a new tv
How much water is used while showering?
How do you get over stage fright?
What kind of tape do boxers use to wrap their hands before they put on the gloves?
What’s the capital of Spain?
What are some good oldies songs from the 50s-60s?
What is a gel manicure
How do I encourage a baby to roll over?
What are some places to visit in Amsterdam?
Who develop the Battlefield series video games?
How do I take off excess skin?
How do I prepare for my first time skydiving?
I'd like to do service work, but I'm unsure what group to work with. Any suggestions?
How can I volunteer in a pet shelter?
How do I become a Lawyer?
How do you file a tax extension?
Are pajamas a good Christmas gift?
How do I make microwave potato chips?
What are some animals I can feed at a petting zoo?
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
Hi, I'd like to take up fencing. Can you explain the rules of the sport, and the equipment I'll need to buy to do it?
What are ways to write about a scary animal from the ocean? Like an orca
How do I clean stains from carpet?
What are gallstones?
Can you tell me about the controversy surrounding the Bush vs. Gore election?
Is it actually possible to go back in time?
How do you check the air pressure in your car tires?
Should I have the same bedtime every day or vary it depending on the weekends and weeknights?
Are there any sales or promotions for clothing stores going on this weekend?
I want to learn about planets in our solar system. Can you help me?
What are Siamese twins?
What are some other movies with a plot similar to Cube and Escape Room?
How many ounces is 1 liter?
How can I get rid of Ringworm
I have to file taxes and I don't know where to start. Can you help me understand the steps I need to take to file my taxes?
How do I get a Christmas cactus to bloom?
What are some side dishes for spaghetti?
Do you know the name of the actor who appeared in films “Face Off” and “Ghost Rider”?
What company owns Hershey?
What is math rock and can you recommend some math rock bands?
What do you do if you start skidding in snow?
What state did Joe Biden represent when he was a senator?
What do the people in the Army reserves do?
Where is the best zoo in the United States?
Is carbonated water, very healthy to drink? I mean just water with CO2 infused?
Which entry level computer certifications do you recommend for someone trying to start a career in IT?
Why are people that live in less densely populated areas tend to be more conservative?
Search for a rhubarb bar recipe
What vegetables are considered dark, leafy greens?
What are some of the funniest movies of all time?
Can you help me find out how expensive having children are over a lifetime?
What is the freezing point for seawater?
What is Talcum typically used for?
My son is having difficulties paying attention in class and his grades are suffering. What should I do?
How do mend a broken heart?
How do I get my four year old child to sleep in her own bed?
I'd like to learn about art more. Maxfield Parrish was so talented. Do you know about him?
How do you inflate an air mattress?
What is cumin used for?
Who is William Shakespeare?
What are some good board games for adults?
How can I help my 8 year old relieve a headache?
Does dry shampoo work?
I was recently invited to a Quincenera. What is it?
Whats the best way to make spaghetti at home?
What is keto flugg
I'm having car troubles. When I start the car, even if it's been running for a while, the heater doesn't put out any heat.
My friend is coming over for dinner but they're vegan. I don't know anything about vegan food. What can I serve as a main course?
What is the most common color of car bought in the U.S.?
What are some other cardio exercises that don't involve running?
How do I make a mohawk?
What is the largest planet in our solar system?
Can you tell me the origin of Halloween?
Can you help me figure out the locations of sprinklers in my yard to draw a diagram?
I'm looking to get a new PC monitor, can you give me some recommendations?
how can I fall asleep earlier at night
I need to learn how to order from a menu in Portugal. Can you help me?
What horror movies were popular in 2021
What methods could I use to cope with anxiety?
I am trying to add more protein to my meals. What are some good sources of protein?
Who was Alfred Joseph Hitchcock? Why was he so famous?
What are some good stereo speakers for PCs?
I feel fat no matter what I eat. How can I lose another 20 pounds?
Is there any good programs that will read my books to me?
What are cool places to visit in Denpasar?
Which movies are similar in tone to Flash Gordon?
What material should my pans be if I cook a lot of meats?
I really like expensive jewelry, but cannot afford it. What are some cheaper alternatives?
I'm looking to paint the wooden fencing in my backyard. Wintertime is coming soon and I'm wondering if I can buy just any old paint, or need a special type of paint for outdoor wood.
Who is John Travolta?
How can I build a sturdy rock wall?
What news station has the most reliable news?
How do you organize a high school reunion?
Did they use to use animal intestines for condoms before the advent of rubber?
Which countries were involved in the first World War?
How can I forgive myself for mistakes
I love hot dogs but I always hear horror stories about what kind of strange ingredients are put into hot dogs. What exactly are hot dogs made of?
What are some shows I can watch in Las Vegas?
I want to find other movies like The House Jack Built, do you have any suggestions?
I just started running. How can I improve my running time?
How do I install a graphics card for my PC?
Please give me a recipe for grilled cheese sandwich.
I'm having lower back problems. Can you help me either diagnose what's wrong or suggest a way to alleviate the pain?
Can you tell me some history about the use of military time?
I'd like to know what are materials that are recycable
I'm trying to learn more about the country of Kenya.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pesto alla Siciliana?
What are the pros and cons of eating eggs?
What are good weight lifting exercises to make my arms stronger?
Can you help me learn more about President Kennedy?
Have you heard of "The Emu War"?
How much money do parents pay for Christmas Presents currently
How do I cook crab?
What year did World War II start?
Can you recommend some classic rock bands like the beach boys?
Hey Assistant, I'm wondering if you can give me the first lines to "Hamlet",
I'm trying to budget my weekly grocery bill. Can you help me out with that?
Can you recommend me some gangster movies? I've only seen a couple of major ones like Godfather and Goodfellas.
Can you recommend to me some birds that make good pets?
How long does it take to grow marijuana?
Is it legal to have a lemonade stand?
What causes hair loss in men?
Why does brine cause a potato to float?
What are some good toys to teach a baby to walk?
Do you have any advice for someone who is changing career?
Are Eskimos related to native americans?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
What's the most common flavor of cough drop? There's so many flavors out there.
What can you tell me about the origins of the Christmas holiday?
What are ways to avoid acne?
What is ratatouille?
If I was going to become a fan of NFL football, what team would be the best team to root for?
Do you have a recipe for vegan split pea soup?
How can I successfully fly a kite?
How do you uninstall apps on Android phones?
Who was Muhammad Ali?
I was thinking about making some apple pie today, but it sure has a lot of carbs and sugar. I wonder what are some healthy ways to make an apple pie, healthier?
How do I get my boss at work to like me?
I would like to know some useful facts about Stephan Hawking.
I want to know more about Microsoft. Are you familiar with the company?
What are some dishes that feature mushrooms?
Do they make flavors from beaver butts?
What is a better anti acid medication, tums or peptobismal?
What do I do if my kid gets too much homework?
I've heard that some people can get great little shops running, on the Etsy website, for their personal crafts. Could a person make a living doing such a thing? Do you have examples?
I am trying to incorporate more fruits and vegetables into my life. Do you have any advice?
what are benefits of watching puppet shows for kids?
Is it easy to become addicted to caffeine?
How do I stream music for free?
I need to find a well written article about growing carrots
What is a good family dog?
Can you tell me a bit about the history of exorcisms?
I'm going to the Kentucky Derby for the first time. Can you tell me the history of the event?
I like to game on the PC, but my wrist hurts after a while. Any suggestions on how to get past that?
Can you give me a good spaghetti sauce recipe, from scratch?
What are the origins of Christmas?
Who were The Five Nations? I know one was Mohawk but what about the other four?
What kind of dog should I get if I don't have time to walk it?
Describe to me the type of work a pediatrician doctor does
When I was little I watch a show with ClaraBelle. Do you know the name of the show?
How do I look natural in photos?
Find a recipe for shepherd's pie soup
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for mazamorra?
I'm trying to decide what to do for my birthday in my area
What if my toddler never wants to eat?
What is the largest star in our solar system?
How can I get myself to reduce my soda consumption?
ET the Extra-Terrestrial, directed by Steven Spielberg, was a great flick. I'm curious about how Spielberg wrote the movie, where he got the ideas?
Search for a pear tart recipe
Do you know the steps involved with creating a charity?
Can you help me say "Where is the pharmacy" in a few different languages?
Can you hep me with a cocktail recipe that contains coffee?
What are some fun card games I could learn?
Is it ok for kids to watch scary movies?
what would be a good end of year bonus to give to my housekeeper?
Kayaking always seem to be such an invigorating sport. How injury-prone, is the sport?
I'm staying in a French chateau and I'm afraid it might be haunted.
What is Bauhaus?
What was the Vietnam war like?
What do the Boy Scouts of America do?
How do I reset a cable modem?
I would like to learn more about the White River War.
How do I become a flight attendant?
What is COPD?
Is it true that brick houses tend to get colder in the winter than houses made of other materials?
Can you recommend some music? I like the classical works of Tchaikovsky, and Mozart.
My showerhead has been leaking for days. How can I fix a leaking showerhead?
How do I rewire a house?
What is Pacman?
I'm trying to clean my kid's stuffed animals. Can you help?
what is the elevation of Denver CO?
I'm having a hard time scheduling in time to finish my studies for college and need help with time management. Do you have any suggestions?
What makes North Carolina barbeque different from other regions' barbeque?
Have you heard of Singapore?
I want to start my own business, just a small one to start. What type of business is the best these days?
Is it true that the government lied about Iraq having WMDs?
I'm trying to figure out what to get my wife for Christmas. Can you help?
Who invented Ice cream?
How much water should you drink every day?
Are most ski areas open now despite COVID-19?
What does the term "blueberry bear" refer to in hunting?
What were the 13 colonies?
What does gluten free mean?
Are people who are constantly late, having mental health issues? How can you help someone maintain good boundaries with time?
How many charge cycles does my Macbook Air have?
is captain planet still on tv somewhere?
How can I get rid of weeds in my lawn?
How do I know if a tree is dead?
What is a good medium sized breed of dog?
What's the most successful modern movie franchise in Hollywood?
I'm travelling to Greece and need to learn a few common phrases. Can you help me?
How do you test the pH level of a water source?
What are some things I can do to improve my property value?
What state did Joe Biden represent when he was a senator?
Can you still be active when you have exercise asthma?
Who was Abraham Lincoln?
Can you tell me how to invest in a 401k plan?
I'm having a mid-life crisis. How can I get through this challenging chapter of my life?
How often should you give your child a bath?
How do I cook crab?
What are some cute cartoon dogs?
I have been told that storing cut onions in a plastic container in the fridge will cause that container to always smell like onions even after I wash it. So I store cut onions in a plastic Ziploc bag. I would rather store them in plastic containers. Is this a true thing or is it made up?
I'm travelling abroad and need to know how to say "help me" in a few languages. Can you help me?
Can you help me find out if my local ski resort has all its trails open for the season?
Where was the first railroad invented?
What kind of gift should I give for a baby shower?
Is it true that if you lose any of your hearing, you can't get it back?
I'm trying to program a self-learning AI to interact with Twitter, but every time I release it into the wild, it interacts with Twitter inappropriately due to the general angry and rude nature of other posters ​that it learns from
How do I teach a child to float on their back?
How do you get a car unstuck from snow?
What does grief feel like?
I'm going to France and want to learn some dessert-related words in French.
How can I improve the flavor of popcorn?
Do you have any suggestions for vegan side dishes for thanksgiving?
Why child vomits after getting a cold. is this normal?
How can I help my friend who's going through a divorce?
How do I marry someone who lives in another country?
Can you help me find out if my local ski resort has all its trails open for the season?
Can you help me learn a few common phrases in Hungarian?
Who were the characters on Scooby Doo?
I want to cook a cake. Can you tell me the steps on how to properly fill a pastry bag?
What are the best books by John Updike?
How do I stop rabbits from eating my plants?
Find a spicy chili recipe
What are the three ghosts in A Christmas Carol?
I sprained my ankle playing basketball. How should I care for it?
I'd like to learn more about Thanksgiving. For starters, what day is Thanksgiving on?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Koeksisters?
Should you get spare keys made for the car?
What are the advantages of a cast iron pan?
What is the best climate to grow watermelons in?
What are some fun shows for kids on the Disney Channel?
What is bocce ball
How do I make a mug cake?
I am interested in learning how to create digital art. What kind of software is available for this?
I am going on vacation soon.
I'm travelling to Mexico. Can you tell me some words I should know in Spanish?
What are some of John Wayne's best movie roles?
what are some good places for a honeymoon?
Hi! My dog has picked up the bad habit of barking lately and I want to teach him not to bark. How do I do that?
If I want to earn the most amount of interest, where should I put my money? A bank, credit union, or somewhere else?
Can you list the steps to prep for eating a crab?
How do I get diagnosed with lupus?
Are trains safe to travel in?
How do I clean a wooden bowl?
Look for Jason Statham movies
How do I make sure my dog gets enough vitamins in a day?
Man, those new trucks are nice. Have you seen how much they cost now? Wow!
What are good dipping sauces for nuggets?
What material is good for insulation?
How do I invest in bitcoin?
I'd like to make some Chinese food. Can you recommend a delicious and healthy recipe?
How do you quit smoking?
Can you help plan my route for the Great American Highway from Alaska to South America?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mukhareq?
How do I keep my mouth clean after a tooth extraction?
What is varsity football
What is the biggest holiday that is celebrated in the united states of america.
How do I check a cat for worms?
How do I reduce meat consumption?
Is celery a very nutritious vegetable? I've been considering adding to my diet.
What are some of the biggest caves that I can explore in the United States?
Do you know which streaming service has the show Family Guy?
What is the best way to cook bacon?
How do people become a judge?
What is a CD made out of?
What is a good way to tell someone to be more rational and less emotional without sounding condescending?
I'm throwing a holiday party. What are some festive cocktails and other drinks I can serve my guests?
What is the best way to tell your friend you don't like her husband?
Can you give me a short list of things that inspire people?
I am going on vacation soon.
What are some good Mexican beers?
If you were human, what would you do for fun?
Did Paul Simon end up marrying a famous singer? Like himself?
What are some ways that I can improve my skills in chess?
What is worse for the environment? Paper or plastic bags?
Do firefighters get paid?
What are some healthy drinks for my diabetic aunt?
Tell me about mammals that lay eggs.
What are some things to do on a cruise?
Was Hitler really responsible for the Volkswagen Beetle?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tuco con fideos?
What are some fun ride on toys for toddlers?
Could you recommend me some bands that are similar to Cold Play?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tastira?
Hi, I hear Deep Purple is an influential band in the history of rock and roll. Can you suggest their best songs, or albums, so I can create a playlist to familiarize myself with their sound?
Can you tell me the recommended owner's maintenance schedule for a 2010 Toyota Corolla?
I am almost out of ideas. This is more of a general query than a problem. Will the state of Virginia start to become decent again after their recent gubernatorial election?
What is the best way to social distance?
what are some good treats for a chihuahua?
I like to game on the PC, but my wrist hurts after a while. Any suggestions on how to get past that?
I'd like some suggestions on deterring rodents from my garden
What are way to decline an invitation after already declining multiple previous times?
How can I get more YouTube subscribers?
What's the best way to make a Shepherd's Pie?
Is it safe to deep fry a turkey?
Why shouldn't I drink plastic water bottles?
I'm trying to buy flowers for my garden. What's the difference between a perennial and annual?
How can I feel less tired in the day?
What is a compost pile?
What does a prosecutor do?
How can I make strawberry shortcake from scratch?
Do you have any good date ideas?
Can you suggest some gym workouts for an upper body routine?
How do I make a Christmas garland?
What are some good places to visit in San Jose, CA?
What is the turkey hotline?
Is a rabbit a good pet?
I'm looking to learn more about different yoga styles, do you have any information on Yin Yoga?
If I like Jim Croce, what other artists would I like?
Hi, I'm dating a Goth girl and I want to familiarize myself with the music she likes. Can you help me put together a playlist of important Goth bands, albums, and songs?
Do you have any knowledge on how one should prepare, or do before donating blood?
How can I find out which type of grass my HOA requires for the yard of my home?
Write a poem for my lonely grandpa
Are cold sores all a form of herpes?
what are some fun shows to watch in the morning?
What are some tips for learning php?
Can you explain how assets are divided in a divorce
Can you help me learn when coffee was first drank?
What are the best books that are under 100 pages that I can read quickly?
What can I do about a diaper rash?
I'm thinking about visiting a zoo in the future, but have concerns about the ethical treatment of the animals. Have zoos changed much, to be safer and more comfortable for animals overall?
I'd like to start baking my own bread. How do I get started?
Who is Donald Trump?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pittu?
What are some places to visit in Amsterdam?
How can I make my own potato chips?
Why don't more people want Universal Healthcare in the US?
How do I fight a traffic ticket in court?
Could you give me some tips on training my dog how to use the bathroom on indoor pet pads?
How can I make gluten free peach cobbler?
What are some movies that are similar to Alien?
Who was the 4th president?
Should I enlist in the army national reserve?
How do you quit a job?
Why is Statue of Liberty famous?
What is the most watched sport in the world?
I would like to learn how mayonnaise is made can you help me?
How can I calculate my capital gains for a stock?
How do I make scones?
I'm looking to get some environmentally friendly gifts for my family this Christmas to encourage them to go 'green'.
What country is the most prosperous?
How do I groom a dog?
What are some good Bible verses for kids?
What can I do if beans give me gas?
How do I learn how to sew?
Can you suggest a book to read similar to Collapse?
How do I know if my baby has an ear infection?
Do dogs and cats see the same way? I know humans see different than cats.
Are most stores closed on Thanksgiving Day?
I'd like to take up hunting for food but I've never used firearms before. What can I do to prepare myself for using a firearm to hunt?
how can i display my awards?
Which gaming company developed the Witcher 3?
What is better, Google, Yahoo, or Bing?
Can you describe how avocados grow?
What are some nice cream soups?
Can frogs breathe under the water?
Tim Curry is still kicking. He was fantastic in The Rocky horror Picture Show. Do you know what his recent health ailments might be?
What are some tips on slowing down the process of aging?
Why did most public schools in the USA stop requiring teaching second languages?
I'm trying to cut back on sugar. What are some healthier alternatives to sugar?
How can I sew a quilt?
Hi, I never really listened to KISS, but I hear they're an important band. Can you help me create a playlist of their most popular and influential songs and albums, so that I can get an overview of their body of work?
How can I cook a fish while I'm out camping?
How can I make Thanksgiving dressing?
I'm going to be fishing for bluefish soon and I would like some tips.
What programming code created you?
How long has the conventional drum set, been used, in music?
I want to learn spanish
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
What are some good places to go in Brazil?
What Was the Largest Contiguous Empire in History?
I recently broke up with my partner and I am feeling low, any advice you can give me?
If I get bite by a rattlesnake, should I try to suck the venom out of the bite?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
Can you explain China's form of government to me? They are communist, but also seem capitalist as well.
What is the best place to buy DIY materials?
How can I have a cat themed birthday party?
What's a good book to read to my 3 year old?
I'm trying to learn more about penguins, can you provide me some general information about them?
Where is coffeee made?
I am fixing Thanksgiving dinner and wanted to give some to my neighbor. What type of food container should I use?
If I'm severely injured, but have no insurance or ability to pay, will emergency rooms still treat me?
How do you reconnect with an old friend that you hadn't talk to in years?
What are some good stocking stuffers for Christmas stockings?
Does fish oil have any benefits?
How do I throw a football spiral?
Can you help me understand the rules of football?
How do you turn on the built-in firewall in Win 10?
My vacuum cleaner just died and I need to buy a new one. Can you help me decide which one would be best for cleaning my apartment?
I want to know how to make Chinese Scallion Pancakes. Can you help me?
What foods do they like to eat in south korea
What is there to do at Angel Island State Park?
can you explain what intuition is?
What is the oldest tree in the USA?
How do I build personal integrity
What are ways to extend the shelf life of vermouth?
What steps do I need to take to close out an account with my bank. I don't want to call and ask the customer service line on their help line, it is never dependable. Can you help me out instead?
Can you recommend to me some birds that make good pets?
Hi, I'd like to start playing baseball. I've never played before - can you explain the game to me?
Can you give me some examples of breakfast cereals?
What part of the world did the potato originate in?
Hi, I want to do barbell upright rows to develop my shoulders. Can you explain how to perform one?
How can I divide ferns?
Are there cameras available that are larger than full frame?
How can I clean a pillow?
Is Miami a good place to take a vacation?
I know a cousin, who is considering becoming a part of the clergy. What is the process for becoming a nun or a priest, in the Catholic Church?
I'm having an issue with my cats fighting. Can you help?
Are there any current theories on what lies outside the edge of space?
I need to hire a babysitter for my kids. How can I find a good babysitter?
I'm looking to take some freeze dried food along a cycling tour because it's lightweight. How can I freeze dry foods myself?
Can you make a living as a professional slot machine player?
How do you treat a minor concussion?
Why does Angelina Jolie have so many kids
What are good activities for team building?
What are some ways that I can help cut back on how much alcohol I drink?
Find a chili dog recipe
Why was it so hard to build the Panama Canal?
Can you give me some tips on writing an effective cover letter? I need to update mine on my resume.
Do we really need to do daylight savings time anymore? Some states don't have it, like Arizona.
How do I know if I am depressed?
How do I make an outdoor photo less bright using editing software?
I want to learn the origin of Statue of Liberty. Can you help me?
What do I do about a spider bite?
Who is Dick Clark?
Was the first Bush president in the CIA before he became vice president?
I am trying to become a better photographer. Do you have any tips?
How can I show my child to carry a number when adding double digits?
If someone cuts me in line what should I do?
How can I motivate my child to do chores?
How do I get rid of a tickle in the throat?
How do you use color palette to find colors that are complimentary to each other?
How can I cure hiccups?
What are skills a plumber should have?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Plantinta?
Who were the three main characters on Three's Company?
What are modern candles made out of?
I need to write an essay about people who have been discriminated against and what their experience is with it. Can you help me?
I think I want to start a family. When is the best time to start a family?
How do you treat a sprained knee?
Can you tell me what some of the benefits are of getting regular exercise, and ways to increase exercise in my life?
What is the department of veterans affairs?
I'm curious, in cold weather, which fabric keeps you warmer? Wool, polyester?
How do I safely use a nail gun?
I want to find out if I have the latest Chrome update.
How can I prevent heart disease?
Can you suggest gifts that a whiskey lover would love? Minus whiskey, though, they have plenty of that.
What's a good keyboard for office work that costs under $40 and has buttons for playing music and other keys that can be bound to certain commands?
I need to make a batch of 8 waffles, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
what should i do if i don't have enough time to cook?
What are the signs of being dyslexic?
I want to grow a potted tomato plant but I don't know how. Where do I start?
Is Pizzagate conspiracy a real thing?
why are there rocks in my rice?
What is the SEC?
What are some Playstation 2 games that are good for kids?
How do you become a contestant on a game show?
what do i feed my chickens?
How do I keep a dog who sleeps outside warm?
Can you tell me about the history of the Empire State Building?
I have a stain on a white t-shirt and I'm wondering what detergents or stain removers I can use to get it off.
Can you describe how avocados grow?
How do I make chocolate covered pretzels?
What are the symptoms of bubonic plague in humans?
My family wants to do an easter egg hunt this year. Can you explain what that is?
How do I get my children to nap if they think they are too old for naps/
What foods or drinks are unhealthy for our kidneys?
What do you do when your pipes freeze at home?
How do you know what emojis mean?
Any first date conversation topics you can suggest?
I am worried about my privacy online. How can I browse the internet more anonymously?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Holubtsi?
Why do businesses in my area get cheaper electricity rates than residential customers?
What are the best music streaming services?
I'm thinking of getting a stick shift car. However, I do not know how to drive one. Can you help me learn the steps?
My aunt used to make a Christmas cookie that was round and had powdered sugar on the top. Do you know what it might be? I'm having trouble remembering.
I need to travel a little bit but my car is in the shop and I don't wanna bother friends. Can you tell me a bus route to go somewhere?
Halloween was a few weeks ago and I'm curious, can you tell me about the origins of the Halloween holiday?
Find Britney Spears songs
What are the beliefs of scientology?
Explain the different climate zones.
How do I find the the next AstroWorld concert?
I'm having trouble with JavaScript on a webpage. Can you tell me how to get the current URL when the user clicks anywhere on the page?
What is the significance of having jokers in a deck of standard playing cars? Are there games that you can play with them?
Hello, I am trying to find out what cuisines are popular in Lisbon, Portugal. Can you help?
How can I lose weight without dieting
I just moved into a new house and we don't have a mailbox. Can people still deliver mail?
Hi, how does your body know you're sick and then work to eliminate whatever is making you sick?
What is the best way to store old photographs?
How do you make salsa?
Not sure what blood test results will be
What is the proper way to throw a punch?
What are some traditional Mexican tortas I can make?
How do I use an inversion table for back pain?
How do i keep my kids from crawling into bed with me at night?
how do i know when to get baptized?
How do I teach a child sign language?
Is cabbage a good vegetable to eat? I've wondered if it has much nutrition.
My son hates studying for his spelling tests. What are some fun ways to help him study his words?
Write a research paper on automotive mechanics.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Hlalem?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Austrian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zwiebelrostbraten?
Please tell me about Twitter. His CEO resigned today.
Hi, I have some black powder, and fuses, and I'd like to try to make my own fireworks. Can you give me some suggestions for safely doing that?
We just got a dog, and we already have a cat. How should we introduce them so that they get along?
What's the average income of a white american male in america who's 27 years old?
How do jewellers rate diamonds?
Who invented the hearing aid?
How do beta-blockers help with blood pressure?
What's a good home security camera system?
I'd like to learn more about the city Fort Lauderdale, Florida. What is there to do there?
How can I learn to keep a secret?
What are ways to help someone sober up fast? Say they drank too much alcohol
Where was ice cream invented?
What are the most famous songs, known for Gregorian chant? I know the style generally, but do they have hits?
What are some good treats for my dog?
What should I pack to go on a fall picnic?
Can you help me lose weight? I'm starting to feel bloated.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chaloko?
I want to have a girls night where we watch romantic comedy movies. Can you suggest some popular rom-coms?
What is a heart attack?
What can you tell me about Christopher Columbus?
What should you do to recover after a workout?
How do I get a food vendor permit in San Francisco?
Do you have any ideas for a side business I can start in my spare time?
What are some fun things kids can decorate?
What kind of schooling, if any, is required to be a chef. I feel like that is something you can just learn to do on your own.
Can you help me figure out how to make a tres leches cake with strawberries in it?
I want to know the history of Betsy Ross and the American Flag.
What day is Easter?
Can you summarize the events that took place during World War 1 from what caused it to how it ended?
Will the jury find the defendants guilty in the media trial
What should I pack to go to the beach?
How can I keep my dark clothes from fading when I wash them?
What is the best way to clean my refrigerator?
What are some good things to eat on saltines?
How can I break up with someone peacefully?
Clams were on sale at the store, so I bought bag. But I don't know how to make them!
Do you feel that there's a God in existence, and omnipotent one, that oversees all?
What are ideas for a going away party?
I have a hard time getting up early in the morning. How can I become more of a morning person?
Why is the length of most songs about three and a half minutes?
Can you recommend a Christmas movie?
How do I make a gluten-free cheesecake?
Can you explain the difference between a solar and lunar eclipse
Any tips on how to improve energy level in the afternoon?
Could you help me learn about the Intervention of Haiti in 1994?
what are some vegetables i can put in a salad?
How fast can trains go?
Why do we have 12 months in a year?
What are some ideas for vegetarian burritos?
I have to write an essay about philosophy where I have to pick one particular school of thought. Could you help by recommending one?
I plan to make meatballs to eat with spaghetti. Do you have a good recipe?
Is broccoli good for you?
I am a massive fan of Japanese food. Can you provide me with a recipe for miso soup?
How can I work out a shoulder knot?
How do I edit the EXIF data on an image?
How can I get rid of fleas in the house. They are driving me crazy! They are biting me all the time.
What are ways to repurpose baby jars?
I've wondered about Tony Robbins. I have some of his work. Do you think his method, actually works?
I'm trying to lose my weight but nothing seems to work, what do you think is the best approach to lose weight?
What are some ways in which one can get spinach in bulk for an inexpensive price?
Can you do a pedicure at home?
Assistant, I am writing about culture and want to know what are the things that make up a culture?
What are some chocolate-based desserts in French cuisine?
When did "Black Friday" become a thing socially, in the U.S.?
I want to make some homemade pop-tarts. Do you have a recipe that is easy to follow?
What can I consider if I want to become a Catholic priest?
What is cacio e pepe?
The ice in my freezer has an off taste and I don't like to use it. Do you know of any tips that can help keep ice fresh?
What are some fun activities my kids can do while swimming?
What is the difference between a firefighter and an EMT?
Can you tell me historical information on what have been the largest crops in the US since the countries founding?
How can I improve my skincare routine?
What are some interesting things in nature I could sketch?
I'm trying to comfort a niece of mine, who got an F, on her exam at school. Any suggestions?
Do you have any suggestions on a new murder mystery book to read?
What happens if a nuclear power plant has an explosion?
Is it possible to replicate McDonalds french fries at home?
What should I do if my toilet isn't flushing as well as it used to?
I need to make some breakfast pancakes for my parents in law but I have no idea how to cook them. Can you walk me through it?
How do I patch a hole
what are some ideas for a large wedding?
Do dogs have baby and adult teeth like humans?
What can you tell me about bobcats?
Hi, the neighbor in the house behind me has gotten awfully noisy. Can you give me any suggestions on how I can get him to quiet down?
What adrenaline rush activities do you recommend for thrill seekers?
What is the meaning behind the Black Lives Matter Movement?
Why aren't governments run by Kings or Queens anymore?
When did world war 1 start?
What are some good sports apparel brands?
How do I calculate my federal taxes?
How can I store knee high boots?
Can you provide me with a recipe for caramelized bananas?
Does being a running back in the NFL decrease a person's life expectancy?
How do you photoshop an image, using another image section?
How can I straighten my hair?
My favorite artist is NF. Are there any concerts happening?
What are the best options for when you are nauseous?
Hi, I have to multiply negative numbers in math class, and I don't understand how they work. Can you help me figure out my homework?
How can I get promoted?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to look up on the internet? Why?
How do I start a campfire?
What is healthier for you? Turkey or Ham?
How can I reduce my carbon footprint?
How does Google Earth work?
What are pros and cons of using cloth diapers?
I've heard a lot of interesting things about psychedelic experiences and I'm curious about having a psychedelic experience myself. Are psychedelics illegal in the United States?
I heard that Potbelly pigs make great pets and I'm thinking about getting one. Are they good pets?
Find a recipe for dirt cake
Can you give me a list of fruit that you can only get in the summer?
Can you tell me what the difference is between an anxiety attack and just feeling stressed out?
What are some good workouts for improving cardio?
How do you inflate an air mattress?
I'm thinking about getting a pet duck, do you know if this is legal in the states of Maryland?
Can you explain to how to find the area of a rectangle?
Where can I go to watch whales?
How do you check the status of network connection in Win 10?
Michelangelo's David, is a stunning piece of work. I had heard that it might have been carved from a single piece of marble. Do you know much about the statue and its history?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Silpancho and Trancapecho?
What does closing on a home mean?
Can you teach me to make deviled eggs?
What is Google Analytics used for?
When is a good time to visit Yosemite National Park?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
How do I paint my face like a clown?
What are relational databases?
How long should you defrost a turkey?
I just bought a new keyboard for my computer but I'm having trouble setting it up. Can you walk me through the process?
I need to figure out how to get to California from Iowa and I am a bit navigationally challenged. Can you help?
What is CreditKarma?
What music app would you recommend for a good range of music?
What is an alternator in a car?
When did Spring Awakening open on Broadway?
can i teach a cat tricks?
How many episodes did the TV show "Friends" have?
How many presidents have been impeached in the United States?
Who did Eric Clapton marry?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gun Oil?
What can I get for a kid who loves power rangers?
I'd heard that Sammy Davis Jr. was in the military. Is that true?
I'm sensitive to WiFi. How can I protect myself from the WiFis from the neighbors? I live in an apartment.
I need a reservation for four at a place near my husbands work.
What's a good way to ask a girl out?
What are the steps for getting flea shots for my dog?
My new M1 macbook only has a charge capacity of 4382. Is this normal?
Can you feel pain?
What countries in Africa would be a good place to bring my children to visit?
What is the best time of the year to visit Thailand?
I would like to build my own meat smoker so I can smoke my own meats at home. Do you have any ideas on how I could do that?
Should I foster a teenager?
How can I describe to a child what lobbying is in a way where they will understand?
I have an assignment that I need to work on, how does the shells multiply?
How do you make your home safer for the elderly?
Is a shotgun good for home defense?
Who is more famous, the Rolling Stones or the Beatles?
Any good music sites to hear my songs?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Suugo Suqaar?
What are good places to visit in Monterrey, Mexico?
Hello, I'm trying to find out what it means to be sensitive
I'm trying to make a meatloaf. Can you help me come up with a recipe?
Can you give me a recipe and some tips for fettucine alfredo?
Can you recommend some newish single player FPS games for me to play?
How do I make my house have a minimalistic look?
How do I clean a wooden bowl?
What is autism?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chickennat?
My dog keeps digging up the soil in my house plants. What can I do to stop this behavior?
How long will a cooked turkey last in the refrigerator?
Who is starring in the latest production of "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway?
I want to know about Facebook corporation.
How does ruby on rails work?
I want to try and find a new book to read. I like to read about factual events and things about soace. WHat could I read?
I'd like to get a device that I can bring with me into the backcountry that will record my GPS coordinates in case of an emergency. What should I look at buying?
Can you summarize the events that took place during World War 1 from what caused it to how it ended?
One of my friends turns 45 in a few days and is into Star Wars and Star Wars collectibles. I am not into that type of stuff and don't know about but want to get him a cool gift from the genre.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ribbe?
Who sings Maggie May?
how much money should i save up for my kids' college funds?
what is the most haunted place in the world?
When was NASCAR established?
What is mortgage insurance?
Would you provide me some tips on teaching my dog to play dead?
There's a heavy Creole influences in terms of cooking in the US. Can you tell me more about Creole cooking, such as its history and the flavors of Creole?
I want to learn about the history of iPhone.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Berner platte?
What is better, round toilets or elongated toilets?
What can a notary help you with?
I am writing about what are the causes of the most fatalities in the USA. Can you tell me what the leading cause of death is in the USA?
A lot of people are starting to build private spacecraft with rockets to get into space. Why can they just build stairs or an elevator that is high enough?
In term of firearms, what is a blowback system?
Do you have any tips on how to stay safe during a heatwave?
I am close to getting a new job and will need to negotiate salary. Do you know how I can become better at negotiating?
How can I make a batman costume?
How do I blow up balloons using helium?
Will a loud sound system hurt my ears?
What are some artists I might enjoy if I like Billy Eilish?
How can I be better with active listening?
How do I apply mulch to my yard?
What is Bollywood?
I'd like to know more about nikola tesla and his inventions. Can you help?
Could you tell me what the first Legend of Zelda game was about?
I want to make a dessert that originates from Afghanistan. It's called Sheer Pira
What can you tell me about bobcats?
How do I decide which shoes I should donate?
how do i gain better impulse control?
How can I help someone who is dealing with a panic attack?
Why won't my kids go to sleep in the evening?
Find a recipe for Italian sausage hoagie
Who is Deadpool
Can you tell me the history of Thanksgiving dinner? Why do we have turkey and pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving?
I'm trying to learn about the difference between yoga and pilates.
I've never been on a plane before, so I'm not familiar with what customs is. Can you explain what claiming things at customs means?
Do you think the bible was really written by God?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Charque?
The Bechdel test is one that many movies fail. Do you know much about the test itself?
How do canes help people walk?
Hi! I'm thinking about buying a puppy with my boyfriend. Any advice for novice pet owners on training a puppy?
Is bacon a special part of the pig?
How can I use Google scholar to do a research paper?
Which company was the first to developed a Smart Phone?
How do you make a makeshift sling for a broken arm in an emergency?
How do I keep a Christmas tree alive for a month?
How do I know if I have a cavity?
What are some good flavored beers?
I have an appointment scheduled in ten minutes that I won't be able to make. Should I just wait and show up late, or should I call them and let them know I won't be able to show up for another hour? What's the proper social etiquette here?
Who is starring in the latest production of "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway?
What does consuming too much sugar do to a person?
Which foods can I cook on a grill besides hamburger and hotdogs?
How can I pay less for cell phone service?
how were the Egyptian Pyramids made?
What type of snake is the most venous in the world?
How am I supposed to throw away old tires in California?
I want to make Kung Pao chicken. Can you help me?
What is a blue law
What are some good ways to sharpen knives?
Do you know the symptoms of food poisoning?
What is the default graphics editing program in Windows?
How do I train myself to be a morning person?
What countries in Africa would be a good place to bring my children to visit?
Hi, I want to find a new tv show to watch but I’m not sure what
I want to know tourist destination and entertainment centers in Los Angeles.
Let's talk about Pink, my favorite singer.
Why do businesses in my area get cheaper electricity rates than residential customers?
How can I comfort my daughter? Her sister left for college and she misses her terribly.
How can I encourage my kids to save monye?
I'm traveling to Chile to go hiking in patagonia. I'm composing a list of things to pack. Can you help me brainstorm things that I might forget otherwise?
What is the New York Stock Exchange?
What animal would be the dominate life form on Earth if humans weren't here?
I'm interested in losing weight. What should I do?
Will there be a riot?
How do I find the present value of a collector baseball card?
How can I help someone with Down Syndrome to achieve independence?
what are some good pizza sauces?
What is meteorology the study of?
Has COVID-19 affected immigration into the United States?
Is there any companies that can compete with Amazon?
How do I do a good pushup?
Can you help me find a train route from London, UK to Paris, France?
What are some good books for a kid who likes Harry Potter?
What do I do if I see a pack of coyotes in the wild?
How do you start a blog?
How long do LED bulbs last?
Do you have any cocktail recipes that originate from Spain?
What is a good tea to go with an English Muffin?
Are keyboard controls or a game controller better for PC gaming?
My wife watches a lot of true crime and she is wondering, what are the stages of human decomposition?
I've heard that the Mediterranean diet is healthier than some, why is that?
Search for a peach pie recipe
I want to make vegetable stir fry, Chinese style. Do I need a wok?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
The faucet in my bathroom is dripping, can you help me fix it?
How come water is so loud just before it's boiling then quiets down?
Does wearing a tightly curled permanent wave, in your hair, cause long term hair damage?
Can you help me figure out how I should fix a loose wallpaper seam? Are there quick ways to fix this problem?
How can I grow my hair faster?
can albuterol help with pneumonia?
how much should i drink at an office party?
What is the best way to apologize to someone?
How do I make my house smell nicer?
What are some good meats I can serve for Christmas?
What are some interesting kinds of pestos I can make?
How much water do I need to drink every day?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sambusa?
Why does the moon look bigger when it is low in the sky?
Do you think NASA's Voyager program will ever send back more pictures?
What holidays do Muslims celebrate?
Who is third in line to the British throne?
What does feng shui mean?
How do I find constellations?
How can I make suede soft again?
How can I learn Russian easy?
What should I write to my friend in their yearbook?
How can I make sweet chex mix?
I'm trying to make money fast. Do you know any ways?
I want to make pumpkin bread since I have a couple of pumpkins that I used for Halloween decoration.
do you how can I connect my laptop to a monitor?
What is bocce ball
How much should I tip for good service in a restaurant?
how long should a 30 year old sleep at night?
What are instruction for making a helium balloon for a party?
Can you explain to me the effect catnip has on cats? Why do they get crazy when they sniff it?
What are ways to detect plagiarism just by reading the paper? What kind of things will stand out?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Asinan Sayur?
How should you cut a dogs nails?
The holidays are coming up soon. What is a good christmas present for a co-worker that I don't know very well?
How do I learn to put on blush and not look like a clown?
I'm trying to decide on the best type of desk to buy for office work
What is cryptocurrency?
What can I get for my wife for christmas if she said no presents?
What are some good family board games?
Can people who have schizophrenia live normal lives? Are they all dangerous?
How can I donate blood if I never did it before?
How do you manage time with a to-do list?
How do I block someone on Instagram?
How do you keep from getting sick in the winter?
What are some good life tips to teach a student in college?
When is the first day of winter
I really link the books of Daniel Pink. What other similar works do you recommend?
Can you tell me all of the requirements to enroll in the US Marines?
What should I give my mail carrier to show appreciation?
Can you help me make a batch of waffles?
My daughter, who is 14, is obsessed with a singer named Harry Styles. It's literally all she talks about and seems to think about all the time. It's getting on everyone's nerves and I don't think it's healthy for her. He is her constant focus, to the detriment of anything else.
Are there currently floods in the Pacific Northwest?
Please tell me the history of Apple Inc.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Katogo?
I think my cat is bored. Are there any games or toys that will keep it occupied?
What is the Maine state bird?
What are some shows I can watch in Las Vegas?
How do you know if you have a gas leak?
What side dishes should I make with steak?
Can you share some information on cochlear impants?
Which superheroes are in the Avengers?
When should you change your tires?
How do you bend sheet metal?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Couscous?
Can you give me tips to writing a good screenplay?
What is the best way to prioritize my tasks for work?
Has vitamin D supplementation been shown to be effective in preventing the flu?
Hi, we're multiplying numbers with exponents in math class now, and I'm having some trouble. Can you help me out?
What is the most reliable news source for financial news?
Are Red Foxes native to North America?
What are benefits of drinking wine?
I have a lot of credit card debt that I would like to pay off. Can you help me to put together some type of plan that would efficiently allow me to pay this debt off?
how old is the Timex watch company?
what should i consider when deciding which military branch to join?
Why Bali is called the Island of Gods?
What are some benefits to gravel yard instead of grass lawn?
What gears do you need for rock climbing?
What is concealer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Roti Protein?
What kind of vegetables can I put on skewers?
I'm a big fan of Mexican street corn. Can you provide me with a recipe for grilled street corn?
Are you familiar with Gwen Stefani?
Could you tell me how to make a vegan friendly mac n cheese?
Can you tell me of uncommon ice cream and food pairings that are tasty?
What are the top five punk rock bands?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Georgian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tabaka da Niortskali?
How many UNESCO World Heritage sites does the United States have?
Can you recommend a good movie? I would prefer a comedy.
Can I get twitter without advertisements?
How do you reload a nail gun?
I'm trying to find out what the most dangerous shark is. Can you help?
Is it immoral to download music illegally?
What artist cut off part of his ear?
Why is the planet Jupiter so much larger than the other planets in our solar system?
I want to make deep dish pizza.
A long time ago we used gold for a main currency. Who invented the US Dollar? and why?
What are some good artists from the 1920s?
Is dying your hair bad for you?
Is it easy to learn to ice skate?
When can a baby eat solid food?
Should I order a la carte or eat a a buffet?
I want to learn how to ride a bike, any advice you can give me?
I'm bringing my new boyfriend home to meet my parents for the first time. How can I ensure the introduction goes smoothly?
Please tell me the history of The Nutcracker.
How can I use a resistance band for workouts?
I just spilled red wine on my carpet, how can I get the stain out?
What are ways one can protect themselves from identity theft?
What are some romantic getaways in the US?
How do I engage a toddler in pretend play?
How do I have a successful ebay auction?
What is the oldest MLB baseball park in the US?
Can you tell me the basic things that Republicans believe in? What are their general political positions on topics?
I know some information about acupuncture, such as that it comes from ancient China. But I wanna know, how does acupuncture work?
What's a good way to ask a girl out?
What kind of foods did the Israelite eat?
What should I do if my kitchen sink is clogged?
Can you help me with some dinner ideas that I can make in a slow cooker?
List the top topics discussed during political debates.
Is it true that there is a big island of plastic floating in the ocean?
can creatine help me to gain muscle mass?
What was the first video game that was for sale?
Explain the first moon walk
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Eggball?
Can you provide me with the ingredients from a recipe for alfredo sauce?
What are some things I should bring on a day hike?
I have a sore on one of my toes from my shoes being too tight. Is there anything i can do to prevent this in the future, without replacing my shoes?
What are some of the more popular free slot machine games, available online?
Why aren't my chickens producing eggs?
What countries are considered to be Scandinavia?
Which shoes are considered the best selling of all time relative to American sales?
A friend of mine has recently lost a family member. What's the best way to organize a funeral service?
Hi, I'm really bored. What can I do to alleviate that?
is it possible to make ice cream without an ice cream maker?
help me explain addition to my 5 year old.
Is mailing entries a good way to win money from sweepstakes?
Can you teach me about capital gains tax?
What are the health benefits to hot weather and climate?
What is the typical checkout time for lodging such as hotels and motels?
I'm finding that my memory is getting worse as I get older. Are there any proven ways to keep my mind sharp and memory and recall in good shape?
What are some clothes I should buy my daughter to go to see snow?
How should I dress for a job interview?
Could you provide me steps on making a strawberry pie?
What is the United States Coast Guard?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Borscht?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Light soup with fufu?
WHat is pig latin
what is the largest Bear in Alaska
What are some festivals I can go to like Woodstock?
Can you help me solve a math problem? −f+2+4f=8−3f
Hi, I've got some chronic health problems that are making it hard for me to get ahead. I'm thinking of applying for SSDI; can you help me figure out if I might be eligible, and if so, how to apply?
Hello, I am trying to find out what is the most healthy cat food for my cats.
How should my child to multiply numbers?
How much schooling is required to become a pediatrician?
How do you keep soda from losing its bubbles?
Can you give me some advice for getting over a break up?
I am going to invest some money in to crypto currency. I am not sure which coin to choose. What would you recommend?
I want to stay at home and binge watch a tv show this weekend. My favorite show is True Blood. Can you recommend similar shows?
I just got a notice that I have a package out for delivery today. I thought the mail didn't come on Thanksgiving?
Is a gallbladder operation hard to recover from?
What are some good recent vampire movies?
I want to teach a college student the differences between leasing a car and buying a car. Let's start with the differences in monthly payments
What's the best way to ask someone out on a date who you've just met?
How can I learn to think more logically?
Why are small dogs always barking and mean?
What time of the year is best for visiting Italy from the United States?
Can you help me learn more about the Vietnam War?
I need some movie suggestions. I love Lord of the Rings and the fantasy genre.
what state in the US grows the most oranges?
What should I feed a pet snake?
Is it expensive to just use a generator as a source of electric power instead of the power company?
What are some good doughnut chains?
My wife loves wine and chocolate. Do you know what chocolates can be paired with wine?
What is a good vacation destination that is rich in culture and traditions?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for medialunas?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn some words for food. Can you help?
Can you tell me how to write a memo?
What can i eat instead of turkey on thanksgiving?
My brother has become addicted to gambling and I'm not sure how to help him. Any advice?
I'm trying to write a novel. Do you have any tips on how to organize my ideas and get started?
What is the best time of the year to start a new garden in Maryland?
Which movies are similar to Friday the 13th?
How does a catalytic converter in a car work?
I think my friend might have depression how can I help them?
I used to like to watch Seinfeld. What else might I like?
Do you have any good suggestions of what to do with old coffee grinds?
I suffer from varicose veins and need to improve my circulation. What are some ways I could improve my blood circulation throughout my body?
How do I change a flat on my car?
What is the winter solstice?
Can you install android games on a Switch?
I want to start investing in cryptocurrency. What crypto should I invest in?
My friend's daughter is leaving for college for the first time and she's having empty nest syndrome. How can I help her through it?
What is a golddigger?
How do I learn to wrap presents neatly?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sop Kambing?
should i get a guinea pig or a rabbit?
I need to learn some food-related words in Italian. Can you help/
Can you help me learn more about the Iraq War?
What does a subpoena mean?
What is the best way to cook tofu?
How is seawater different than fresh water?
Why See's Candies is so popular in the United States?
Where was ice cream invented?
Can you still be active when you have exercise asthma?
What are some good snacks for a child to take to school for a class party?
I'm taking a trip overseas with some buddies and want to enjoy to the max do you have any advice on how to avoid jet lag?
I love Rod Stewart especially his earlier work. Any artists similar to him?
What are ways to fix a run on sentence?
How do you keep a lit candle from flickering due to the air current?
What are some industrial uses for Rutile?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
When was Dell established?
Have most gyms reopened since COVID-19?
How can I get a better cell phone signal?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
Can you help find a list of things needed to set up a reptile tank?
How do I know my pant size?
How do you remove glitters from skin?
Where are some places I can go dancing in Nashville Tennessee?
How does a pawn shop work?
What are some interesting things in nature I could sketch?
I haven't listened to much rap in my life but I heard some 2Pac the other day and i really liked it. Can you recommend similar old school west coast gangster rap?
I am trying to buy a video game for a friend but need some ideas. What games are similar to skyrim?
I'm learning about different policies. What does affirmative action help accomplish?
How do you build a robot?
I was reading a book about aliens and wondered. Do you think aliens exist? what would they look like?
I will be retiring in ten to twelve years. I don't have a 401k, what is the best way of saving when you don't have much money?
Am I wrong or is the Macy's Parade just a lot of commercials?
Help me find a recipe for shepherd's pie.
How do I set up a venmo account?
What is the most effective way to mow the grass?
How do I open a small stoer?
Why does my stomach make a grumbling sound when I am hungry?
I notice there are two kinds of pet food at my local store, Wet and Dry, is one of them better than the other for my cat?
Who is Paris Hilton?
I need a recipe for vegetable stir fry.
Who is Angelina Jolie? Why is she so famous?
Can cats be taught to walk on a leash?
Can you tell me what happened in the Prohibition?
what GPA do I need to get into college?
My child always seems to fight with other kids. What can I do?
Do you need a license to fish?
How do I calculate my federal taxes?
what is the best line of power tools
Can you recommend some music to listen to? I like rock, country, and R&B.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Holubtsi?
I just moved to Austria and am about to have my first European Christmas. I've noticed Christmas cookies are really popular here so any suggestions for an Austrian Christmas cookie recipe?
My friend just died. How do I cope?
How do I learn to tie a bowtie?
What are materials I can make a sun shade out of?
Is it okay to drink diet coke everyday?
How can I prune a weeping willow tree?
How can I reduce swelling from being hit in the face
How do I ship a child's bike across the country?
When should I mail a Christmas card to make sure it gets there before Christmas?
I have to write about a famous historical event that took place at the beginning of the Twentieth Century, can you help?
Where can you buy a classic car?
I would like to know more about the Supreme Court of the United States. I know that it is a legislative branch. What else can you tell me?
be more romantic with my wife who seem cold as of late
How can I overcome my fear of needles?
I make a comfortable living and don't really have money troubles, but I still would like to have better control of my finances. I seem to go through money pretty quickly and despite wanting to, I can't get into the habit of regularly putting money away for a rainy day. I am terrible at saving, but great at spending!
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
Is it hard to become a surgical tech?
I need to get my kid a Covid Vaccine.
What are some trivia board games that I can play?
What are some dishes that feature mushrooms?
My son doesn't want a birthday party. How can I still make his day special?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cook-up rice?
What are the pros and cons of installing a swingset in the backyard?
How can I keep ants out of my home
how can i stay awake while driving at night?
How do I get a Christmas cactus to bloom?
How big of a turkey do you need to feed 4 people?
What year was the first video game handheld released?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Luwombo?
Describe the themes in Emily Dickison poems
What is a good gift for a first communion?
Can you tell me why fireflies light up?
How do I do a pinata with kids?
What games are most similar to Kingdom Come?
How do I sign up for a facebook account?
Snoopy was a popular character on the Peanuts cartoon. Snoopy also had a couple characters he played. Can you think of a few?
I want to go to the Island of Bali. Please tell me how to get there from Los Angeles.
What are the best books written by Fyodor Dostoevsky?
It's supposed to be a really snowy winter. Can you help me pick out good boots to buy so I won't slip on the ice or snow?
My mom just got a new dog. I want to get some toys for it. What do you recommend?
How do I learn to do the butterfly stroke?
Is having an abortion immoral?
I'd like to comfort a friend who recently broke her ankle. She lives far away from me, but I know she's frustrated.
Can you describe what sport psychology is?
Whenever I eat shrimp or lobster, my throat gets tingly. There isn't any pain, just a tingly sensation. Why is this?
Should you leave cookies for Santa?
What should you put in a first aid kit?
Is the day after Thanksgiving a banking holiday?
How do I train my cat who is being bad?
Can you recommend some meals that I can have for a healthy lunch?
What is the second hardest material after diamond?
What is the largest mountain in the world?
What should I bring on a jungle trek?
What is the holiday celebrated on December 5th?
How do I refinish a wood floor?
How do I reward my kids' behavior?
Can you help me find a place to rent in nevada?
I'm trying to know more about The Vanguard Group. Please tell me about this company?
Can I make grilled cheese sandwiches on a pan?
Can you help me understand how viruses reproduce?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Martabak?
What are some plain flavored chips?
how do i become a school counselor?
Why aren't there animals in the carnivals anymore?
How do clean a laptop keyboard?
I am looking to buy a new car
What's the difference between a light roast and other roasts of coffee?
What are some things toddlers can learn from sesame street?
what are some classic jazz artists that I can enjoy?
How do I teach a child to use the scissors?
Is the LA Times a left leaning or right leaning news source?
How do I choose the right paint color for my house?
What are some foods I can bake with mayonnaise?
I'm taking a trip overseas. What are some of the things I need to do to prepare?
I have sensitive teeth. What type of toothpaste should I use?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pique Macho?
How do you unpack a compressed file?
I'm planning a trip to New York City. What are some of the popular attractions and landmarks?
How many times a day should I be brushing my teeth?
Can you tell me about Planet Jupiter?
Write a poem to my friend was is sad because she lost her dog.
I'm trying to decide on what type of phone to buy next
How can I get a cheaper car insurance rate?
How can I get a house free by squatting?
I'm trying to find a good song to motivate me while I exercise. What can you suggest?
I'd like to offer support to a friend struggling with motivation. Any thoughts?
Where can i watch the northern lights?
My son was asking me a geography question and I could not really answer it for him. Can you help me to understand whether or not Washington D.C. is a state or not?
My car seems to be running out of gas quicker than usual. What could be the cause of this?
I am trying to think of a huge achievement in human history. Can you suggest one?
I have been having trouble sleeping lately. Do you have any advice to help me?
Should you throw out your sponge or try to sanitize it?
Would you explain to me how measles are spread from human to human?
What is a deep tissue massage
Can you look up the movie times for the Matrix for this weekend?
I would like to start learning the dutch language. Can you give me some advice on where I should begin?
Who is considered the greatest trumpet player of all time?
Do feral cats need to eat everyday or do they skip days?
How do I make Oriental Fried Rice?
Why is diet coke bad for you?
I'm trying to learn more about the Swine Flu pandemic.
Hi! Do you have any good chili recipes?
Have you heard a song name "Shallow"?
Can you give me a guide for playing the mobile video game Clash of Clans?
My brother has become addicted to gambling and I'm not sure how to help him. Any advice?
Are gun with gun black finishes more likely to rust than the stainless steel finish?
What benefits does banana provide for my health?
can i make my own cat food?
How do I lose weight?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fricasé?
Is it good to use training wheels on a bicycle for a kid or should you just teach them to ride a bike right away?
how do i make nail polish last longer?
What is the fastest way to get to Australia from New York?
I'm trying to figure out how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Indiana.
Do you think free will exists?
can you explain the rock cycle
What is Empire State Building famous for?
I want to try to be a streamer. Where do you think I should get started?
What time period did the velociraptor live in?
What can a locksmith do?
How do I try out for professional baseball?
Hi, I'd like to learn how to bake rye bread. Can you give me a recipe do to that, and cooking instructions?
Why can't we drink salt water?
I'm trying to find vegan kitkats
Is oil painting significantly more expensive than painting with acrylic in terms of the cost of supplies?
How do Mennonites dress?
What are some chips I can use for nachos?
Is there a way that you can get your pets to shed less fur all over the house?
how can I teach a baby to play with a ball?
What can you tell me about the Kosovo war?
So I love having sushi and want to branch out and start eating sashimi. They look very much alike, but apparently they are not the same?
I'm looking to buy my first car. What are some things I should look for?
How long does it take for a body to mummify?
I want to sew a fitted sheet for my queen sized mattress and want to know how much fabric to buy.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken Shawarma?
How do I start a petition?
Hi, assistant
what can i make with cream of mushroom soup?
What can I do to reduce my risk of diabetes
I need to teach a child the meaning of exponential notation
Can you tell me how to make a chocolate malt?
Can you explain what cupping therapy is?
Where did the name bluetooth come from?
What is the biggest holiday that is celebrated in the united states of america.
I'm trying to figure out how to write a personal budget. Can you help with that?
What are some use for sawdust?
Explain how to make coffee
How do I make a haunted house in my garage?
Can I make slime without glue?
What is it about AIDS that kills people?
Find a pad thai recipe
What steps should I take if I cut my finger when cutting vegetables?
How do I take on more responsibility at work?
Can anyone run for mayor of a town?
Who were the Carpenters?
Hi, I'm looking for a body weight exercise for my back, and I hear inverted rows are pretty good. Can you explain how to perform this exercise?
Can you list some examples of string musical instruments?
My dad is 78 years old and we're not sure if he should get a covid booster shot or not, since both covid and the booster shot present risks for someone in his age range. Do you have any advice?
Is not going to school illegal when for kids? What would happen if a parent didn't make their kid attend?
How can I have fresh breath naturally?
I really like Italian dressing. Would you happen to have a recipe for making Italian dressing?
I'm trying to find the best app to help me recover bank overdraft fees.
Is Windows 11 a free upgrade for Windows 10 users?
How do I teach a child to sing to try out for a choir?
Who was Gianni Versace?
I have a hoodie that is cashmere and it says to hand wash. What are the steps in handwashing a fabric like cashmere?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fufu?
Why don't rainbow ever touch the ground?
I am going on vacation soon.
How can I teach kids about puberty?
What are ways to write about a character that is trying to take down an evil company?
I'm looking for rock and roll music to listen to. What are some of Don Henley's famous hits?
How can i learn to sail?
How do I be more motivated at my job?
What can I use peaches for in recipes?
I got my very first puppy and I want to train her, do you know how and where do I start?
Should you learn CPR?
What kind of supplies should I make sure I have for a long hike?
Where were the Winter Olympics held in 1980?
Can you help me figure out the locations of sprinklers in my yard to draw a diagram?
what was the number one song for March 1966
Can you tell me the general requirements for a job as a computer programmer?
Who invented Duct Tape?
What can I do to remove calcium from a faucet?
Should my kids have their own spaces to store toys?
How do I look natural in photos?
I've thought of J. K. Rowling and her Harry Potter books. Which one was the best seller, and how wealthy is she?
How can I stop slurring my speech?
Can I make grilled cheese sandwiches on a pan?
Why did it take so long before humans actually learned to make an airplane that could fly?
What year did the first set of Magic the Gathering cards release?
Please tell me about Jupiter planet.
Is wet food or dry food better for cats?
how do i get a cranky baby to sleep?
What happened at the Boston Tea Party?
I’m trying to find a way to sleep better
Is Corvette better than Porsche?
Can you teach me how to make homemade lemonade? I want to be able to teach my son this recipe.
I was looking for a piano musician, to listen to, for background music, while I work. Do you have suggestions?
What material is good for insulation?
How do I volunteer to be a poll worker for the election?
What is the best way to store old photographs?
What color is the sky?
What are some fun animals my toddler might enjoy learning about?
Hi, I've noticed I become very itchy over the winter months. What can I do to reduce that?
I've heard cold showers can boost your metabolism. Although it might adversely impact your immune system. Have you heard about this?
What are some good dishes with mushrooms?
Do you cook chicken on the grill the same way as in the oven?
Should you call people sir and mam?
Do you possess recipes for cocktail drinks?
How do I make sure meat is cooked to a safe temperature?
I want to learn how to ride a horse.
I see homeless people collecting cans out of the garbage sometimes. I know they sell these, but who buys them?
How can I decorate a cactus for christmas?
What are good christmas gifts for under $50
How do I achieve a long term savings goal?
how do i know if i'm allergic to bees?
Why is the Empire State Building famous?
Can you list some examples of chemical reaction?
Do Police Detectives have to have a college degree?
I'm trying to decide what I want to do with my degree when I graduate from college. i don't know what job would be best for me
What happens when I mix an acid with a base?
I want to dress up as a clown for Halloween. What do I need for my costume?
How do I transfer a plant from a pot to a garden?
Is it true that cockroaches are extremely resistant to radiation?
Which dog breed has the longest life span?
My girlfriend wants to be able to keep her tan looking good through the winter months. How can she go about doing that?
Can you describe the Adventureland area of Disneyland, for example, which attractions are there?
Hello, I am trying to find tickets to the Adele concert in London. Can you help?
What are the symptoms of bubonic plague in humans?
Is there any good programs that will read my books to me?
How are typhoons formed?
I want to be more productive at work but I have trouble staying motivated, do you have any advice for me?
Have humans always worn shoes?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
Can sound waves generate heat?
Would you give me some information on the video game Final Fantasy X?
I was thinking about the civil war we had in the USA today and was wondering if there was a good reason for all that death and destruction?
What should I write in a wedding card?
Do oranges have a lot of nutrients?
Would you provide me some tips on teaching my dog to play dead?
I bought some tonkatsu sauce but don't know what to use it for. Can you tell me what food I would use it for?
Do you need a passport to go on a cruise?
Do you know which days of the year are dedicated to National food days? I want to take advantage of some of them.
What is the capital of Arizona?
What is the drug crack made out of?
Should I feed pigeons?
Can you recommend an album to listen to? I like pop, rock, and country.
What does black lives matter mean?
Should I have the same bedtime every day or vary it depending on the weekends and weeknights?
How do you report identity theft?
What is a Richter scale?
I've been thinking of long-term issues of envy and regret. Can I talk to you about my feelings?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Moronga?
Hello, I am trying to find the most energy efficient lightbulb. Can you help?
how do i make easy sugar cookies ?
I want to visit San Francisco. What can I see there?
What does Graves disease mean?
Hello. I was thinking about improving the performance of my computer at home, but I am not very tech savvy. What are some easy ways to make my PC run better?
Do you know which days of the year are dedicated to National food days? I want to take advantage of some of them.
Can you help my choose a gift for my female partner, she's thirty years old and we've been together for eight years.
What is one of the easiest businesses I can make money with?
Is karate a good sport for kids to learn?
How can I sit best to make my posture really great?
Have you heard of the trolley problem?
What languages are spoken in India?
I'm trying to make spring rolls. Do you have a good recipe?
How can I reduce food waste?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Frijoles?
I have sensitive teeth that get damaged easily. What is the best toothpaste to keep them in good condition?
What are ways to write about a character that is trying to take down an evil company?
How do I make icing for sugar cookies?
How can I exercise with a broken foot?
I'm trying to start a fitness blog. Where do I begin?
Do you have any tips on how to become better at organizing your day if you have ADHD?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pinnekjøtt?
Should you stretch before a run?
I haven't been feeling well lately. What's the fastest way to treat a cold?
I wanna start working out. What are the best exercises to start with?
When did McDonald's open?
Hi! My friend's newborn is sick with jaundice and I'm wondering how to best validate her emotions but also keep things positive
Do AI programs have the capacity for racism or sexism? Are they capable of exhibiting biases with class also?
I really enjoyed Stephen King's book "The Green Mile." I want to read another book by him. Can you tell me which of his books has gotten the best reviews?
Where did most Norwegian Immigrants go when they arrived to America
How do you replace the cover of a light switch?
What are some dollhouse accessories I can get?
how do i care for a toad?
If someone uses my debit card without permission, will the bank reimburse me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Seekh Kebab?
WHat can I do about the stray cat in my yard
How do I know when it's time to upgrade my phone?
What activities can I bring to entertain a toddler on a plane ride?
How should I baste a turkey?
What are some good games for babies like peek a boo?
Can you explain how teeth whitening strips work?
When was Penicillin discovered ?
What are places to visit in Helena, Oregon?
How do you apologize over a mistake that is not your fault but you are left having to apologize?
Who sings Maggie May?
What are some good Colombian meals?
what are some toppings you can put on fruit to make it more fun?
what are some good shirt materials for summer?
Do certain personalities fit different types of work better?
How do I make a fruit tart?
What are the different seasons?
How do I keep bugs away from my house when I go on vacation?
How do I learn how to sew?
What is there to do in Atlantic City?
What are some alternatives to turkey for thanksgiving?
How can I remove rust from metal?
Is Iceberg lettuce nutritious?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Frango Assado?
What are games I can play in the airplane with my sister?
Hi, I have some raccoons that have moved into my yard, and I'd like to get rid of them. Any suggestions?
What is fondue?
What are some nice African inspired foods?
How do I make a bat costume?
How do I build a bookshelf?
I have an old dog laying here near me. She has a lot of white around here eyes. I think she is a beagle. How long do these type of dogs usually live for?
How does an annuity work?
Are you familiar with Planet Mercury?
How long did Roman soldiers go through training for?
What hours does USPS deliver mail?
What is the Army reserves?
Why don't we have cars that get 100 MPG after all these years?
Is aluminum in deodorant harmful?
What should I do if I feel slightly lightheaded after standing up?
What should you eat after wisdom tooth surgery?
How do you treat an upset stomach?
How long would it take for me to drive between London and Rome?
How do you get an estimate for work needed on your car?
I've heard of EGOT winners, and wondered who might be on the list?
Would wine make a good Christmas gift?
What is the most effective type of disposable mask?
Can you tell me the mechanics of how helicopters fly?
How can I get a six pack after turning 40?
What is the process of having a family member cremated after they die?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chancho con Yuca?
What are some fun playdate themes?
I am trying to learn more about the concept of "social media". What is social media defined as and what are some of the first social media platforms created?
I'm going to have a new niece soon. Can you recommend me any baby gives I should buy for my sister?
I'm trying to learn more about the different yoga forms, can you help me learn about Iyengar yoga?
Is a sinus infection contagious?
What is the FDA?
I just bought the new Jurassic World Evolution 2 game for the PS5 but it didn't come with the manual. Can you help me locate the manual for this game?
How do you study for the SAT test?
Good afternoon, could you recommend some songs for me to listen to?
How can I hamster hair loss?
How do people become tattoo artists?
how can i make a dinosaur costume?
Hi, I've lost touch with an old friend of mine, and I'd like to find out where they live. Any suggestions for finding their address?
What kind of sandwiches should I bring for a picnic at the park?
What can I see at downtown San Francisco?
How can I merge on the highway without stopping?
I want to comfort a friend who recently lost a pet. Do you have any thoughts on how to make them feel better?
How do I make sushi at home?
Do massages offer any physical health benefits, or is it only psychological?
Here are a list of tasks one might do in a text editor. I am trying to create more. Can you add examples to this list? Delete line N Copy line N and append to end Insert random character to (N,M) Duplicate all text Duplicate line N Reverse line N Replace line N with the following text <random from source> Swap first and last word Duplicate line containing <string> Delete line containing <string> Swap the word <X> with the word <Y> Make word <X> all caps Upper <> Lower case Remove all punctuation Add [random char] to the end of the first word Reverse word M in line N {Delete, Duplicate} the Nth word in the Mth sentence
How do I teach myself to roller skate?
What does incognito mode do in Google Chrome?
When did man first hunt with spear?
what should i do with an old car that i cannot repair?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to look up on the internet? Why?
How difficult is it to learn Japanese?
Why can't we have laws against public servants lying about policy?
Is Lost Girls a true story?
How do I know if I have termites?
What are some good things that small children can collect?
It's a bit warm today and am looking for a lemonade recipe! You have a recipe for lemonade?
I would like to learn some new crafts. Do you have any suggestions for crafts that are easy for beginners?
How come so many books seem to be "New York Time best sellers"? How can so many books be best sellers?
What's another good band like the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Search for an artichoke dip recipe.
What is the price of a first class stamp?
Should I get vaccinated against Covid-19? I'm nervous about risks associated with the vaccine.
What kind of foods cause GERD?
Can you tell me how to make a reservation at a restaurant?
How old was Taylor Swift when she had her first big number one hit? I'm curious about a few of her hits.
What should I avoid eating at night to avoid gas?
What is irritable bowel syndrome?
How do I spread the words that I'm looking for a missing dog?
What are ways I can build my social skills?
Can you recommend a good recipe for a vegetarian curry?
What would the symbol be for Aries?
should i commemorate the death of a loved one?
How do I make creamy mashed potatoes?
Can you get a free credit report?
I'm thinking about getting a motorcycle. How much more dangerous is driving a motorcycle than a car?
Is mouth wash necessary if I brush and floss?
What are some fun things to do at a carnival?
How do you clean a velvet couch?
How do I make a black bean burger?
Can you purchase Microsoft Outlook separately or do you have to purchase it as part of Microsoft Office?
How can I grow my own sunflowers?
How can I watch live television without cable?
How do I find geodes?
How is stretching beneficial for martial arts?
What does a hard pull on your credit mean?
I want to try to make homemade guacamole. What ingredients do I need?
What things should I look for when trying to decide on an apartment to rent?
I'm having some issues with a Mole Infestation.
Can you help me to understand how Howard Florey was able to first discover and use penicillin?
How much do movers cost?
How do you limit download speed in a web browser?
What do I need to know before I start investing in stocks?
what are some neat ways to arrange books at home?
Can you help me plan for seeing my favorite comedian on their upcoming tour?
Are music classes good for babies/
If I visit Area 51 what can I see?
I'm looking to buy my first car. What are some things I should look for?
What are atoms?
How can I stop worrying about things that don't affect me?
who are some good artists of the modern day?
Can you explain how the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell?
Could you explain the process of making pickled eggs?
is having a horse expensive?
Can you tell me how the pictures on billboards are put up?
Is there any difference between green tea and black tea besides taste and look?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Georgian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Katmis Satsivi?
How do I know if I'm a dwarf?
When was Thanksgiving first celebrated?
Do you know any tourist attractions in New Mexico. I am going there on business but I will have two days off.
what colour should I paint my walls if I have a grey sofa?
Could you provide me some information about the Lord of the Rings series?
I have a lot of bell peppers from my garden. What are some ways I can cook with them?
Is it true that brick houses tend to get colder in the winter than houses made of other materials?
What should you do for knee arthritis pain?
How can I get started with creating an app?
I have always been curious about how the internet works. Can you tell me how?
Can you list some films directed by Martin Scorsese?
I want to open a bank account, but I have no idea which bank to choose.
How can you get your cat to go in the litter box?
what is a good recipe for a cider donut?
I just got a notice that I have a package out for delivery today. I thought the mail didn't come on Thanksgiving?
How can I calculate the price for carpeting my home?
What are the best ways to prepare for a marathon? I run several 10 K races in the past, but a Marathon seem intimidating.
Why doesn't the USA make the tallest buildings in the world anymore?
How do I get a penpal?
how do i keep mosquitoes from biting me when i am asleep?
Do you know any good hair masks?
What is self tanner?
How do people get a blood infection?
I've heard Elon Musk has his own Bitcoin type of currency. Is that right?
What do you know about Elvis Presley?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Moukhbaza?
How does a catalytic converter in a car work?
What is Zumba?
What are some good asian dishes that use mushrooms?
Can you tell me the methods used by planes to navigate before radar was invented?
How many types of mango are there in the world?
What is the difference between pigeons and doves?
How do I make a ball pit?
What should you use your emergency fund for?
Can you help me to figure out how to budget?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lapskaus?
How can I help to make an adopted child feel more welcome in a new home?
How do I clean a wooden bowl?
Why don't cars come with a full size spare tire anymore?
How do I stop menopause weight gain?
Find Sophie Turner films
How do I get better gas mileage in my car?
Are people who are constantly late, having mental health issues? How can you help someone maintain good boundaries with time?
What is ballet?
I'm trying to figure out how I can train my cat to do some tricks.
What does blue lives matter?
How do you use roof tar to patch a tiny leak?
I want to make blueberry muffins. Can you help me?
How does water move through plastic in the case of condensation and is there anyway to prevent this from happening?
I want to make dinner rolls for Christmas dinner. Do you have a recipe?
What's a good home security camera system?
How famous is Michael Jordan?
What are the common causes of overcooked rice?
How do you clear all notification in Win 10?
How can I make my own jigsaw puzzle?
How do you make a pizza from scratch?
Can you tell me how to find my local surfing conditions today?
How do I make a gluten-free cheesecake?
Which currency in the world has the highest value?
I am writing an essay on Henry VIII and need some pointers on where to start
What should I take if I have a hangover?
How can I make vegetables more enjoyable for my kid
I need a recipe for pancakes.
How can I teach a toddler to stand on one leg?
My vacuum cleaner just died and I need to buy a new one. Can you help me decide which one would be best for cleaning my apartment?
What are the best books by John Updike?
I want to make my home feel more connected to nature. What are some ways I can bring nature indoors to decorate?
How can I find out how much snow has fallen in my area this year?
How do you help someone having a panic attack?
What are things I should not be putting in my garbage disposal?
How do keep clothes from getting wrinkled after you pull them out of the dryer?
I would like to describe some natural elements in French. Can you help?
How do I convert to Mormonism?
Hello, I am trying to find out what city Paul Simon grew up in. Can you help?
I am trying to become a better photographer. Do you have any tips?
what fair is the largest fair in Massachusettes
What is a game winning strategy for Montana
How do I make chewy chocolate chip cookies?
How does a smart gird work for powering a countries electric grid?
How can I restore the dead grass in my backyard?
How can I play the trumpet?
Any tips on how to improve the sense of direction in urban area?
How do I make a lava lamp in a bottle?
What are the main differences between the Android OS 11 and 12?
Do people make a living as a professional triangle player in an orchestra? Like the cowbell, but a triangle of metal, hit with a metal bar.
Can you give me a recipe for potato pancakes?
Have you heard a song name "Shallow"?
Hey, I'm wondering how to find free mental health resources? I'd really like to enroll in therapy but it's not in the budget and I don't know where to start
I need help writing a short story for University. It has to be 500 words, but I don't know where to start.
What is Chicago style pizza
Does France have free healthcare?
My 35 year old son is having pain from his jaw, neck and shoulder blade
What are some low residue foods I can have?
Can you teach me to make deviled eggs?
What is a grimoire?
What cell carrier has the best coverage in the United States?
How do you make ice cream at home?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gundi?
Ron Howard is a famous director. I'm curious about how he got started as an actor?
I need to learn how to replace a headlight in my car.
I'm trying to think of gift ideas to get my mother for her birthday. Do you have any recommendations of a gift a can make by hand?
I'm travelling to Budapest. Can you tell me some of the highlights of the city?
What are the steps involved in planning for a funeral?
Can you recommend me some shows that are similar to The Wire?
Is Alkaline water better for you?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Danish Kringle?
Do you have any tips on how to keep fruits fresh longer?
How can I stay friends with an ex after a breakup?
What type of Christmas tree is the most popular, artificial or natural?
Is it safe to burn paper in a fireplace?
I have trouble remembering things that I read. How can I improve my reading retention?
Is the author who wrote "The Hunt for Red October" still alive?
How often should my yard be mowed
Are there professional basketball teams in other countries besides the USA?
What are some tips for lowering my electricity usage?
Can you tell me if Nile crocodile are native to North America?
How can I volunteer with a boys and girls club?
Could you help me learn how to build a bench for my garden?
How long can I store chicken in the fridge?
Who ran the fastest mile?
A good friend of mine had his birthday dinner with his family Tuesday before last. His sister and niece have since been diagnosed with Covid. They both got sick this weekend, Friday and Saturday to be exact. His mother who took his nice to the doctor on Friday has no symptoms. I hung out with the birthday boy that evening. Neither of us have symptoms. It's been nine or ten days since a possible exposure. Should I go get tested just in case?
Are hairballs bad for cats? What if they don't seem to be coughing it up?
I am bored with the restaurants I go to. Can you help me find an interesting type of cuisine to try?
Is Africa safe to visit?
Do I need to have a college degree?
Did the Moon form from parts of the Earth or was it pulled into orbit from somewhere else?
Find Will Smith movies
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Milanesa napolitana?
Can you help me with a paper I have to write about psychology and personality type?
Does the United Stated still have colonies around the world?
Why do street tacos taste so much better than in a restaurant?
Can you tell me about the fall of the Roman Empire?
What is the Big Bang Theory?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a gimlet. Can you give me a recipe for making one?
I want to bake a cake for my wife's birthday. Do you have any good recipes?
I wonder how long, the average pair of socks, lasts? Might be good to order supplies, on schedule.
John William Waterhouse made such beautiful paintings. Love the Lady of Shalott. Do you know other paintings from him?
Where are some good places to learn to surf?
What are some traditional Polish foods?
What year was the colored Gameboy released in the United States?
Are some types of cats more intelligent than other types?
What are places I can visit in Canada?
I'm trying to make a better first impression when I meet people in a professional context. Can you provide tips?
When did Americans start eating pizza?
How can I tell when cookies are done?
how do you make an igloo?
How do I restart my Xfinity cable box?
Are you familiar with Gwen Stefani?
what are some fun things to do in el paso, texas?
What is hominy
What is Oktoberfest?
I keep seeing politicians going on TV and just flat out lying about things. Why can't we pass a law that makes lying like this illegal?
Do you have any advice on how to be more assertive with people?
What is S & P 500?
What are the common side effects after receiving a flu vaccine?
What are some relaxing songs or relaxing types of music?
How can I hunt for ghosts?
What's the weather like in Salt Lake City, Utah this weekend?
How do I know if my child is ready for power wheels?
I am in the mood for Chinese food, but takeout is too expensive. What are some Chinese-inspired meals I can make at home?
What is the drug crack made out of?
What are some of the healthiest fish to eat?
I would like to know more about DACA. Can you tell me about it?
Is a truck driver a good career?
How do I calculate my federal taxes?
Hi! I'm trying to celebrate my dog's fourteenth birthday and need some party planning help.
Why did he stop talking to me
I am interested in learning how to create digital art. What kind of software is available for this?
What kind of suggestions do you have for things to do on a first date?
What are fun crafts for teens?
What are some fun role playing games to play with Barbie?
I would like to learn more about the House of Representative and the Senate. Can you help me?
I have never been fishing before and would like to learn some basics. What should I know before my first fishing trip?
What is a good topic to use for an argumentative essay?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Varenyky?
Good afternoon, could you recommend some songs for me to listen to?
getting another blood test this week for low platelet and white cell count
What is the difference between a migraine and a regular headache?
What are some good places to visit in Bandung, Indonesia?
How should I warm up prior to working out?
Hey Assistant, I'm looking for some new music. Can you help?
What is the Hoover Dam?
How do I know if I got Covid-19?
How do you communicate with a chat bot that won't follow instructions consistently?
My cat keeps dragging her butt on the floor what do I do?
How did Putin become president of Russia
What are some healthy dinners?
Any tips on how to become a better negotiator?
Can you tell me how to make banana bread?
What are places to visit in Seattle?
I just finished playing God of War and am looking for a video game with similar mechanics. Any recommendations?
What is celiac disease?
How do you stay awake when you feel tired?
How do I get rid of menstrual cramps?
How does adding the federal oil reserve to the oil market help to lower the price of gas?
How do I keep my hair from getting so many knots?
Can you help me learn the basics of the game chess?
The Earth is composed of four main layers. What are they?
I'm making apple pie for the first time. Some recipes say to cut the apples in eighths and other say to slice them very thinly. What is best?
What are ways I can remove a stripped screw?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn some words for food. Can you help?
What are some movies with Arnold Schwarzenegger in them?
I am going to replace the bathroom sink faucet in my house, but I have never done a faucet replacement before. What do I need to know to get this project done right?
Can you help me learn about detox juices?
How do I install a wired fence in my backyard?
What are some safe snacks or treats for dogs?
Can you help me find tickets to Seaworld?
What are some good vegetarian dishes? I have a friend coming over for dinner u=but they don't eat meat
Can worms reproduce without opposites sexes?
How do I change the brakes on my van?
How can my uncle get his glucose more stable?
Can you walk me through how to wrap christmas presents properly?
How do I learn to do wallclimbing?
Des hard apple cider have alcohol in it?
I am buying my first house but don't know anything about mortgages. Can you tell me the basics?
Do you have any suggestions where I can see Egrets in the US?
Who wrote the Magna Carta?
How can I comfort a child whose cat has died?
What are good ways to keep my food warm?
Which of these are not considered a primary color on the color wheel? 1. Blue 2. Green 3. Red 4. Purple
How do I know if I have a migraine?
What is a Long Island Iced Tea?
Can you give me a recipe for angel food cake?
What are some good toys to teach a baby to walk?
What are some ways to start eating smaller portions of food?
Is sitting for too long bad for the health?
What sort of wood should I make a cabin out of?
What is a good dog for a watchdog?
How do you remove a detachable magazine from a rifle ?
How do you know if you are allergic to bees?
What kind of soup is the best for when you have a cold?
How can I lower my cholesterol levels?
How do I paint with a stencil?
How do I make rice crispy treats?
Do AI programs have the capacity for racism or sexism? Are they capable of exhibiting biases with class also?
Can you tell me what are ways in which I can improve the air quality in my home?
How do you remove the residual heat from cooked pasta once you remove it from the boiling water?
What are some interesting icing flavors for a doughnut?
How do you change the duration of inactivity before a monitor turn off in Windows 10?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
I'm trying to find out where The Beatles were from in the UK. Can you help?
How does a person become a successful stage actor?
How do I check a cat for worms?
Should you buy a 4x4 vehicle for the winter?
How do you groom a Shih Tzu
Can you explain how bitcoin works to me
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Basbousa?
What can you tell me about Julius Caesar
What software should I use for editing videos?
When was the construction on the Empire State building started?
Is roller skating easy to learn?
Did Google Corp change its name to something else?
A good friend of mine had his birthday dinner with his family Tuesday before last. His sister and niece have since been diagnosed with Covid. They both got sick this weekend, Friday and Saturday to be exact. His mother who took his nice to the doctor on Friday has no symptoms. I hung out with the birthday boy that evening. Neither of us have symptoms. It's been nine or ten days since a possible exposure. Should I go get tested just in case?
Can you provide me steps on how to make my own candles?
Who is Rihanna?
the iphone was made what year and how can get my hands on it
Is Fallout 4 or Mass Effect similar to Kingdom Come at all in terms of your choices making a big difference?
What are some foods using tomatoes?
How can I make homemade ice cream?
What are some alcoholic beverages that contain coca cola?
What are gallstones?
What are some good DC villains?
What's a good movie for the kids this weekend?
Before taking on a leadership position at work, I would like to know the cons. I already knows the pros. So I want to know what are the cons of being a leader at work?
What happened at the Alamo?
I'm trying to find out about sleep paralysis
What do they do with the old CRT monitors at the dump?
I am writing an essay on Henry VIII and need some pointers on where to start
What is autism?
Where is the Island of Bali?
What is a blizzard warning?
Can you help me understand what lyme disease is?
How does rinse aid in a dishwasher work?
What year did World War II start?
I want to have a picnic lunch in a local park. What kinds of foods should I bring?
My friend just died. How do I cope?
I'm trying to know more about The Vanguard Group. Please tell me about this company?
how do I build more muscle
How can I get better at crossword puzzles?
I heard a lot about Twitter. What is it?
You've been very helpful. Let me buy you a drink.
How does Google Translate work?
Do you have any advice on how to care for a kitten who lost its mother?
My cat swallowed one of those silica gels found in packaging to kept items dry. What should I do?
what are some appetizers I can put bacon in?
can i scuba dive if i am obese?
I am trying to find the cheapest way to get from where I live to my parent's house for this Thanksgiving. How can I find a good deal on travel tickets at the holidays?
I've been getting into improv comedy lately and I'm wondering if there's a place I can go to watch and also perform improv. I live in Salt Lake City, Utah.
I'm trying to come up with a Christmas present for my girlfriend
Why does my dog sleep all the time? Is she getting old?
What are places I can visit in Topeka, KS?
What does a park ranger do?
I buy too many lottery tickets. What can I do?
I have a maple tree in my yard. Can I make my own maple syrup?
I'm looking for a new self-help book to read! Any recommendations?
What should I have for dinner?
Can you recommend something to buy for Christmas for my two year old niece?
Are UFO's real?
What is Wimbledon Championship?
Can you treat eczema?
How do I know if a girl I am dating wants to hold hands with me?
How do I remove bathroom tile?
What are some ways a husband can support a wife during the birthing process?
I'm travelling overseas and need to ask for the bar or pub. Can you help me?
How do you get better at playing Operation?
I'm trying to make egg rolls. Can you help me?
My grandma does feel like eating much anymore, can I give her those meal replacement shakes?
I'm planning on incorporating a business in the station of Maine. Can you tell me what papers I have to file with the state to create a legal entity?
Please tell me about Fuji apples. Did it originally come from Japan?
Can you recommend some superhero TV shows to me?
How can I protect my hearing?
Can you help me find some keto recipes?
How do I become a psychologist?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Escarole Siciliano?
Can you help me find a show on Hulu that is a adult comedy cartoon like South Park?
I need advice on which game console to buy
What are some good toys to teach a baby to walk?
Find directions for applying wallpaper
I would like some advice for how to care for an autistic child. Can you help?
I would like to send an email saying thank you for the interview.
How do I teach my kids how to surf?
What should be included in a eulogy?
What are some good ideas of things to do with chalk?
What is the best kind of coating to protect a chalk drawing I made?
How do you report cash income to the IRS?
The Nutcracker Suite will be playing soon, by Tchaikovsky. Seems there's always some annual production somewhere. I'm curious about the gist of the story?
How do you end a running application in Win 10 using the task manager?
How does home insurance work?
What are some educational websites with free learning or free courses?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kare-Kare?
what are some good cartoons about dogs?
Where should I visit in Istanbul?
How do I look natural in photos?
What languages are spoken in Japan?
I am going back to football fellas or ladies or whatever. Cincinnati looks to be a BCS playoff team if they win against ECU tomorrow night and then beat Houston in the AAC title game. They would be the 4 seed at the least. Should I place a bet for them to be in the BCS playoffs in two weeks? It's up to the BCS pollsters.
Why are some people sensitive to the effects of caffeine?
I'm thinking about buying a new car. I wanna get an electric one. Do you have any recommendations?
I bought a new pair of headphones, but they're a Chinese company manufactured in China and I'm concerned they're not as high quality as other brands. What do you think about the stereotype that Made in China products are low quality?
Hi, I have a flash drive and I keep getting a disk error message when I insert it. How do I fix those errors?
I have an anxiety disorder and I'm trying to figure out strategies to calm my anxiety attacks. Do you have any advice?
What is AARP?
I've heard recently that Kim Kardashian has an interest in the comedian Pete Davidson, is that true?
What are the differences between houses made of wood and houses made of brick?
What can I use a vacuum for in my house?
I'm tired of making the same few meals for dinner each night. How can I add variety to my meal plans?
What kind of suggestions do you have for things to do on a first date?
I'd like to comfort a friend who has a sick pet. Any thoughts?
Which foods should I have for a charcuterie board?
What games can I play with a toddler with a ball?
Do you know anything about movie streaming services?
What is the Indy 500?
How do I fix a flat tire?
How do I learn to spelunk?
how were the Egyptian Pyramids made?
What is the average temperature in November in Washington DC?
Where is Asus based out of?
How can I improve my public speaking skills?
Can you help plan my route for the Great American Highway from Alaska to South America?
Do people with diabetes have to avoid sugar completely, or can they have some in moderation?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Trapanese?
I always dream about having super powers, do you think that's possible?
How do I get a cat used to being brushed?
Please identify the top 5 rarest animals in the world.
How do I edit an essay I wrote?
How do I found out which state has the least amount of crime?
Hi, I'm interested in learning to play poker. Can you explain the game to me?
Do kids have to wear seatbelts on school buses?
I want to spruce up my living room. What are some affordable ways to update its decor?
I was recently driving when I got a flat tire. I had to wait for a serviceman to come to fix the flat tire. I would like to learn how to fix a tire myself. Can you guide me on the steps to fixing a flat myself?
Which shipping carrier is cheaper for shipping packages?
How should I install a mirror in a room to make it look bigger?
How do I quickly find an item that I lost?
Is broccoli the best vegetable for your health?
how do i keep my email mailbox organized?
What is the easiest way to hang Christmas lights?
I've heard drag queens are pretty popular in San Francisco. Are there any famous drag queen shows that you could recommend?
I'd like to comfort a friend who recently stubbed their big toe. Any suggestions?
how can i harvest honey
What are some snacks to bring on a road trip?
I'm looking for a modern romance movie, that won recent Academy Awards. Any recommendations?
How come I cannot get my kite to go up in the air?
I want to open a new checking account. Which banks offer this for free?
When did Alaska become part of the United States?
Why do cat pupil just have a slit instead of being round?
How does a VPN work?
My friend wants me to eat a restaurant and I don't want to because of COVID
I was thinking about watching some classic movies. Can you suggest anything popular by Robert Redford?
How do you delete a Facebook account?
Can you explain what rabies is?
Does a vegan diet have enough nutrients to be healthy for you?
The painting of The Son of Man by Rene Magritte, is odd. Do you know it?
Can you give me instructions for framing a doorway?
I'm new to cycling and I'm trying to figure out what kind of shorts to wear for my saddle. I feel like the lycra cycling shorts are too tight and I'm thinking about wearing looser running shorts. Does it matter what shorts I wear when cycling
What is a hangover?
I'm visiting France and need to learn some of the language.
Can you explain the theory of relativity to me?
What can I build a shed out of?
How many lightyears away is the closet planet outside of our solar system?
I want to make donuts at home. My grandkids would be excited.
I would like to firm my leg muscles. What are some good exercises I should do?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
When I clean, some cleaners will have instructions for disinfection versus sterilization. What is there difference between disinfection and sterilization
Why shouldn't I exterminate bees?
Hello, I am trying to imagine what the future will look like in 100 years. What do you think transport will look like?
Would it be possible to have a Raven as a pet bird?
What do I do if my child kicks off his blanket at night?
What is whiplash?
Can you tell me how to find out what my cellphone data cap is?
I would like to know what "critical race theory" is?
Who is Stone Cold Steve Austin?
What is kickstarter?
What is the best website for travel reservations?
How do I dress for a Sunday Service?
Search for an egg roll recipe
How does acupuncture work?
Is pumpkin pie hard to make at home yourself?
Are prepaid cards worth it?
what is the largest lake in Texas
Hi, assistant
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pilau?
I've read that Christmas is actually borrowed from a Pagan religion or something. Is this true?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some new dishes. Can you give me a recipe Baba Ghanouj ?
What is normal blood sugar?
What are some good ways to eat celery?
What things do I need to have a poker game at my house?
How do I help my friend with her family problems?
How do I know if I have covid?
When was the construction on the Empire State building started?
Find a pot sticker recipe
What kind of vegetables are easy to grow in my own garden?
How can I negotiate at a pawn shop?
My sister sucks at fractions. What is the best way to help her learn fractions in math?
Can you tell me how common it is for an innocent person to go to prison?
How do you use a sewing machine?
Why are clouds called nimbus?
What is a yeast infection?
How much does a Husky usually weigh?
I am almost halfway through paying off my mortgage and the house opposite mine has come up for sale. Do you think the bank will grant me a second mortgage to buy this home, primarily for a rental property?
How do I prevent dust build up
Do dogs and cats see the same way? I know humans see different than cats.
Is a college professor a good career?
Why is a 2x4 stud not 2 inches by 4 inches?
How does credit counseling help people?
Hi, I have to find the volume of a six-sided die for my math homework, Can you explain how to do that?
How many ounces should I drink in a day?
Why do humans have to cook meat to eat it, but animals can eat it raw without getting sick?
What is a good healthy thing to eat for lunch?
what are some nice mexican drinks to try?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Smalahove?
Can you teach me how to play the guitar?
What is the most popular indoor paint color
I'm trying to find out who invented Toaster Strudel. Can you help?
Hello, I am trying to find a math tutor for my child
How do I make amends with someone?
Why was the name America chosen for the USA when it was colonized?
What time of the year is it best to visit Japan?
How do I make my skin less dry?
Can you help me to understand how a VPN works? If you could explain it in a simple manner that'd be best.
What's the difference between rain paints and ski paints? They both seem to be waterproof pants.
Like to see a new movie. I have heard that Sydney Poitier has had some great movies. Do you know of any?
Do they still make encyclopedias anymore?
What are fun things to do with balloons?
How do I calm my stomach when I'm nervous?
What is the most played sport in the United States?
How can I hunt for ghosts?
Search for vegetarians sheperd's pie recipe
I have a round face. What kind of haircut is good for me? I'm a woman.
Can you help me figure out how to transfer files from one phone to another?
I am planning on travelling in the New Year, and would like some recommendations on places to visit and things to do.
My kids want to play hide and seek. Do you know the game?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Amala?
Can you suggest a good smart speaker
How do I help a baby that has colic?
Would an art gallery be interesting?
do you how can I connect my laptop to a monitor?
How many US citizens have died from Covid?
What do they mean when they say, a phone has a lot of bloatware? What is bloatware?
When did human beings first invent widespread sanitation in terms of sewer systems?
I have been gaining weight and want to start exercising. How should I begin?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Milanesa a caballo?
I'm trying to decide what I want to do with my degree when I graduate from college. i don't know what job would be best for me
Can you tell me what day it's most likely to rain in Glendale, CA over the next week?
What are some activities I can do in Daytona Beach?
How do I train a puppy?
How does a rock transform into a crystal?
Do you think you can help me learn how to make my own beef jerky?
How do you baby proof a home?
I am trying to find ways to burn calories. I was thinking about incorporating a five mile walk into my daily routine and I was curious how many calories will I burn doing this activity?
Psychologically, does believing in a Supreme Being religiously, contribute to better, or worse, mental health?
What was the first video game that was for sale?
I just bought a pair of used pants from the brand Arcteryx, but the seller doesn't know what model name they are. How can I track down the product information?
Why are Republicans so against Roe vs. Wade?
What are some cute summer clothes for girls?
I am having a tough time in school right now and I could use some advice.
I'm moving to a new town for work. Any suggestions on how to make new friends as an adult?
When was Pizza Hut founded?
Hi, I need to book a plane ticket to Florida for the last weekend in January.
What is Gorilla Glass?
I'm going to a party and need to bring chips and dip. What are some popular dip ideas?
How do I grow a pumpkin patch?
How many chucks could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck would?
how do i know if i'm allergic to bees?
Hello, I am trying to find a math tutor for my child
How do I make tempura vegetables?
What are some ways I can help the environment, as a kid?
How do you take your coffee?
What is upvote on reddit?
Why do some countries drink a lot of coffee and others tea?
What are places to visit in Jamaica?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kecap Manis?
What does the postal service do?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
Is area 51 real?
Should you take potassium?
Hi, I'd like to teach my dog to shake hands. Can you give me any suggestions on how to do that?
Can you give me some gift ideas for an elderly woman?
Hello, I am trying to find the most energy efficient lightbulb. Can you help?
Isis seem to be a very important goddess in Egyptian theology. What's her story?
Hi, I've decided to keep a praying mantis as a pet. Can you tell me what I need to do to care for it?
What herbal supplements have been shown to calm anxiety, or cause a sense of soothing?
Do ducks make good pets for a kid?
Does instant noodles really cause cancer?
How do I write a will
What can you do in Central Park?
What can I see in Belize?
I'm going to get my wisdom tooth out. What kind of anesthesia is used?
Do dogs have baby and adult teeth like humans?
Are Russia's space rockets better than the USA ones?
What are the names of Santa's reindeer?
What do I need to know before I start investing in stocks?
What can I do about a diaper rash?
How can I cool off a room without a fan?
I'm trying to spruce up my style. What are some ways I can accessorize a basic tee shirt and jeans?
What are some good tea recommendations?
Can I clean my gold jewelry?
I'm curious, in cold weather, which fabric keeps you warmer? Wool, polyester?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Shakshuka?
What is the best selling type of music in the world?
Are the Sika Deer native to North America?
What's the weather like in Salt Lake City, Utah this weekend?
When is the best time to visit Hawaii?
What is the most popular song ever written?
How do you do a proper sit-up?
Legitimate question, one of my dudes told me three years ago that I should cover the webcam lens on my laptop when I am not using it, which is most of the time I am using my computer. Is it really necessary to do that. I guess I am asking what are the chances that my laptop camera can be hacked. It's not a real concern. It's just curiosity.
How can I make organic pesticides?
What are Air Jordan sneakers?
Did Paul Simon end up marrying a famous singer? Like himself?
How do I finish a puzzle quickly?
I want to start making my own salad dressings.
Can you help me find some keto recipes?
If you were hungry and wanted to eat a good breakfast. what would you eat? and why?
Are cotton sheets, or silk sheets, warmer to sleep under?
What purpose does the liver serve in a human
Are there any options for slowing down or preventing hair loss?
I want to learn more about the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Luwombo?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Markat Gnawia?
Why do some trees lose their leaves in winter but other trees stay green and keep their leaves?
Can you help me figure out how to make a tres leches cake with strawberries in it?
What is caramel
Could you help me learn more about the Dominican Civil War?
How long does it take to create a new breed of dog?
I'm curious about the symptoms of drug withdrawal in a newborn that was exposed to drugs due to the mothers drug usage during pregnancy. Can you tell me about the symptoms a newborn may experience as they withdraw from the drug?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Locro?
Hi, I'd like to pursue a career as a long-haul truck driver. What do I need to do to accomplish that?
Can you tell me who Betsy Ross was?
How do I get over an embarrassing moment?
Do you know the real name of the popular Youtuber PewDiePie?
How long do goldfish live?
How do you do a search in Windows 10?
I'm thinking about visiting Salem, Massachusetts. I am fascinated with the history of the Salem Witch Trials. What can you tell me about them?
How does a chiropractor help you?
Can you give me directions for playing the game solitaire?
what are some fun things to do in el paso, texas?
How do I keep my hands from feeling cold?
Is it true that brick houses tend to get colder in the winter than houses made of other materials?
How do I start training for a long marathon run?
I need to bake a batch of chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
What are some ideas for a kids' christmas party?
What is the Supreme Court of the United States?
I need a recipe for vegetable stir fry.
How do I clean fish?
A good friend of mine had his birthday dinner with his family Tuesday before last. His sister and niece have since been diagnosed with Covid. They both got sick this weekend, Friday and Saturday to be exact. His mother who took his nice to the doctor on Friday has no symptoms. I hung out with the birthday boy that evening. Neither of us have symptoms. It's been nine or ten days since a possible exposure. Should I go get tested just in case?
I'm trying to learn more about the video game system Gameboy Advance SP. Can you help me learn more about this?
I'm trying to find out why cats purr. Can you help?
Is flying or renting a car the safest way to travel during the pandemic
What are the benefits to running barefoot rather than using sneakers?
Explain how to fold a fitted sheet
How do you get a car unstuck from snow?
Can you compare the lifetime cost savings for owning a Tesla electric car in California over a gasoline engine car?
I have never had a passport before. What us the process of getting one like?
What do I do if there's a bobcat in my garden?
I'm trying to find the most famous attraction in Italy. Can you help?
What are some quick meals I can make in the microwave?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pinnekjøtt?
How can I get better at fact checking and figuring out if things are true or false?
Why are dogs afraid of fireworks
How do I fly a kite?
How can I stay cool in the summer without the AC on
Making women wear clothing that covers them head to toe seems so weird, why do they do it?
Hi, it's my dream to direct a film. How can I make that dream a reality?
I'm trying to get my mom a birthday present but I don't know what to get her
I want to set up an outdoor area for watching sports events on a projector. will any projector work for this?
I have a friend who is always stressed, scattered and seemingly annoyed with someone or something. She has a very negative outlook on life and it is exhausting to spend time with her. I want to be less involved with her but I don't know how to gently push her away without hurting her feelings.
I want to build a website for my gardening business. Would WordPress or Joomla be best for a novice to start with?
What is a prepaid debit card?
Which bands are similar to the Steve Miller Band?
I need a suggestion of what to make for dinner tonight
What are the main differences between the Android OS 11 and 12?
Do you have any opinions on the recent inflation issues the United States has been facing?
What is the reason to celebrate Christmas?
I'm trying to know more about the Trojan War in Greek mythology. Are you familiar with it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chanka de Pollo?
Is snowboarding hard to learn?
Is it possible to make money by working from home?
Why does Pinocchio's nose grow
What time of the year is it best for fishing Bass?
How can I go about creating my own religion?
How do you get more traction when driving in winter condition?
Hello, I am trying to find the cheapest flight to Orlando from New York City on December 20th.
How do I make a nice place for a rabbit to live?
How many leaders were there during the reign of the Roman Empire?
I want to invest in DoorDash Inc. stock. Is it too late?
How often should a child go to the dentist?
I'm looking for a new desktop computer
Is Facebook the best social media?
Can you tell me if my pants will be the same size in European clothing as in the US?
What are some ideas to decorate a pumpkin for toddlers?
How do you make a cloth mask?
Why would you neuter a dog?
Is the most recent xbox worth the price at this point in time?
How can I learn to dance to dance to the beat?
What are some ways I can build upper body strength?
How do I teach kids to drink from a straw?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Orange Chicken?
How do I get stains out of clothing?
How can I cure hiccups?
How do I make homemade croutons?
Should I buy a used car or a new one?
What are some cities to visit in Indonesia?
I am thinking of starting a business but I am unsure what to do. What 3 business ideas would you suggest? and why?
Foreigner always had the strong rock hits. Like "Hot Blooded." What are some of their other popular songs?
What is good food for rabbits?
I'm looking to get a new PC monitor, can you give me some recommendations?
What are s'mores?
I want to know what BMW (a car brand) stands for?
Who is Anais Mitchell?
Which TV shows are similar to The Shield?
What is the best way to get your cat to use the litter box?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
Where do watermelons come from?
Can you provide me with a healthy oatmeal recipe?
I need help planning a trip to Disney Land
How do I layer clothing for fashion?
What is the name of the North Korean Leader that President Trump met?
What cheese do kids like?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Martabak?
How do I make sautéed apples?
I would like to know what the Arabian Horse is.
install a wood floor in my living room
What foods should I avoid giving my dog?
Should I play the lottery
Do you know any good puns?
How can I protect myself from people taking advantage of me?
Hi, I feel like having a dirty vodka martini. Can you explain how to mix one?
How often should I go to the doctor for a routine checkup?
How do you dry age beef?
Can you describe to me characteristics of Amber colored eyes? For example, physical characteristics and where the eye color is frequently found.
Can you help me find out which plants are easy to take care of and have a nice scent?
I have a headache and really feel bad. What are some good home cures for this?
What is there to do at Coney Island, New York?
What should I stuff my turkey with
How can I make my eyes look whiter?
Alanis Morissette is pretty talented. What is her career background?
what are some neat ways to arrange books at home?
How do you zero out a digital scale?
What is the average intellectual level of the United States?
How do I learn how to swim?
I want to start my own business, just a small one to start. What type of business is the best these days?
What is a Purple-K fire extinguisher?
What are some ways to celebrate New Years Eve?
Find songs by Pink
I enjoyed the book Blood Meridian. Can you recommend another book that I might enjoy?
What is the process to become a nuclear ship technician in the Navy?
What are some little ways I can save money in my daily life?
How do you do a search in Windows 10?
My kids love Nickeoleon, how can I make slime for them?
How do I prepare instant yeast for baking?
How can I send a letter to the president of the US
What should you do if you see a bear?
What are some common interview questions that I might be asked?
Why are people that live in less densely populated areas tend to be more conservative?
What does it mean when someone is more right brained or more left brained?
What are the best options for when you are nauseous?
How do musicians make money from Spotify?
what cute things can i make out of clay?
What should I consider when making a loan to a relative?
Can you help me identify poison ivy?
How large was the Titanic?
Can you explain what is involved in a mechanic making a car repair estimate?
What do I do if a stray dog bites me?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn a few words. Can you help?
Some people eat lobsters. I don't know much about them though. How long do they live?
How can I avoid getting a cold?
I'm trying to find the safest neighborhood to buy a house in, in Richmond, Virginia.
Do you know what I should do if my car is overheating?
I've heard cold showers can boost your metabolism. Although it might adversely impact your immune system. Have you heard about this?
Can you tell me which company developed the fighting game Super Smash Bros.?
Can you help me determine the best route to drive cross country in the US?
How do you care for a cast iron pan?
How do I get of coffee stains?
how do i know if my baby has jaundice?
What are LEAPS in the stock market?
Can you recommend some hip hop groups for me that are similar to Living Legends?
How do I know when my child is ready to brush his own teeth?
which country has the largest land mass but the least population?
Do you have any simple mash potato recipes?
What is the proper way to remove dust from my PC?
I need to start saving money, can you help me set up a basic budget?
I'm trying to find ways to get healthier! I'm specifically looking to eat more vitamins. What should I eat?
What is a good Bible version for kids?
Did Maurice Bernard write a book?
At what age do kids need to start putting on deodorant?
I am taking a psychology class, and I have a hard time understanding the Pavlov Dog experiment. Can you explain it to me?
What are some food dishes that I can make with shrimp?
I need to get a passport so I can travel to another country. How do I get one?
Do you think using Social Media is a good idea?
Do you have any ideas for how I can keep my house smelling clean and fresh?
Why are tool booths and toll roads a thing? What is the purpose?
What can I tell people when they give unsolicited advice about my baby?
How can I be better at a job interview
What is the proportion of lemons to water when making lemonade
I'm trying to find a place to buy shot glasses that have winnie the pooh on them.
How do you become a detective?
Can you give me a recipe for oatmeal?
I've read that hunters use camouflage to hide themselves from animals. How does camouflage work?
How can I fix my broken phone screen
what are good shows for kids like sesame street?
I really like Italian dressing. Would you happen to have a recipe for making Italian dressing?
How do I build my dropshipping store? I have it set up to launch and products, and I've even made some tiktoks to advertise my content but I'm new to this and I don't have any orders yet
What are some good oldies songs from the 50s-60s?
What are the Māori known for?
Hi, my son is about a year old now, and he's not really talking yet. What can I do to help him learn to speak?
How can I become a chef?
what are some ideas for a large wedding?
Can I plant bananas in my backyard?
What is Mitch Albom's best book?
Could you tell me what the first Legend of Zelda game was about?
I need to learn some common food terms in Spanish.
What time of the year is best for visiting Italy from the United States?
How can I get better at resisting cravings for food?
Do any other large mammals hibernate during winter like bears?
Should I still use the handheld led machine
Should my pregnant friend take prenatal vitamins?
What kind of soup is the best for when you have a cold?
What are the steps in the process for getting a US work visa as a Canadian citizen?
Please provide me with a recipe for making homemade salsa.
What does a nurse practitioner do?
I'm trying to get into shape. What are some good cardio activities I can do?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
how do i gain better impulse control?
What is the best trip to take on a train?
Where does black friday originate from?
What do I need to do to become a police officer?
Can you tell me about Cherry Blossom Festivals in Japan?
What should I pack to go to the beach?
How do I make a sourdough starter?
What happens when a house is in escrow?
How do I make a baked potato?
Are Cane toads native to the united states?
What are some tips for winning auctions?
How do you clean the inside of an oven?
Can you tell me how refineries and the oil supply affects the oil market and prices?
Find Sophie Turner films
How can I make homemade peanut butter?
How do I decrease my power bill?
What is the best way to store winter clothes when season is over?
My indoor cat got outside, how can I lure him back into the house?
How do you typically write a screenplay to be pitched for a Hollywood movie?
Do you know how to help someone when they experience a panic attack?
What are some tips for winning auctions?
I've always wanted to write a novel. Where is a good place to start?
How can I stop acid reflux?
I was thinking about getting an Electric Car, but I am worried about how long they take to charge the batteries. Do you know anything about this?
What are some Colombian dishes?
What are the best music streaming services?
What is affirm pay?
What's a good salad recipe with strawberries in it?
What is Xoom?
What is Borobudur in Yogyakarta?
How can I repair a broken laptop screen?
Can you explain to me what Trompe-l'œil is?
How long does it take to brew beer?
What do they make you do on a driver's test?
Can you help me bake a cake for my boyfriend's birthday? I need ideas as to what flavour I should pick.
How is cardboard made?
I am watching a horse for a friend of mine while she is on vacation for two weeks. What should I do to make sure the horse is taken care of and comfortable while I am there?
I want to stop smoking, but I'm having a hard time. People tell me vaping is a good way to stop. Is this true?
How do you help someone having a panic attack?
What is UNESCO? Is it a UN's agency?
I've just received a new tenancy contract for an apartment I'm planning to move into. I would like to know if there are any things in particular I should look out for before signing it?
Hi, I'd like to have a dry martini. Can you give me a recipe for mixing one?
How can I become a librarian?
How do I make an apple crumble?
Should I monitor the things my teen is doing on the internet?
What does holistic medicine mean?
I'm taking a trip to Iceland and need to learn a few common words. Can you help?
I really like Western movies. Can you recommend some popular ones?
Can you explain to me what a dichotomous key is and how its used for animals?
I got grease stain on my shirt. Is there any way to remove it?
What's the best and cheapest way to heat your home these days?
Which president of the US served more than two terms?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
How can I cure heartburn fast
I want to get a new cat and was curious about how to introduce it to my other cat. Can you help?
I put a bird feeder in the yard, but birds have not found it yet. How do I help them find it?
How do I get a patent for an invention?
Is it illegal for parents to give their children cigarettes?
How can I feed squirrels and make more come to my home?
I've had several plants in my house, some over 20 years. I'm curious about how the leaves are mostly green. Can you explain that? Why plants have green leaves mostly?
Could you provide me some details about the Bay of Pigs Invasion?
Search for James Franco's best movies.
What is the best place to surf in the continental US?
What does a traveling nurse do?
I want to learn more about Albert Einstein. Can you help me?
What should I consider if I'm interested in investing in coin operated machines?
What can I do to thicken my thin hair
I want to find out how to make a Shirley Temple
What are some good places to visit in London?
I'm trying to figure out an artist by using the lyrics. Are you able to help?
What do I need to brew beer at home?
Was the first Bush president in the CIA before he became vice president?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
How can I find information on the ancient Chinese empires for a paper?
How do I make breadcrumbs?
I want to stop smoking but I don't know how. can you help me
Was Hitler really responsible for the Volkswagen Beetle?
What are some cool dinosaurs my kids might want to learn about?
How do I know which bike size I should get?
Why do child TV stars have such a hard time later in life?
Can you tell me how to start a new email in Microsoft Outllok?
How do I cook frozen corn?
How do you season a cast iron pan?
Hi. I just learned of the term topographically agnostic. Can you tell me a little bit about what it is?
Would a race car driver instructor be a fun career?
Can you take Aleve everyday for pain?
I heard that the banana that the artificial banana flavoring is modeled on is extinct, is that true?
Why did the english leave england for america?
How do I know if I need braces?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tom Kha Gai?
How did Putin become president of Russia
Agatha Christie is a classic author. I'm wondering what some of her best-selling books might have been?
At what age do kids need to learn to use utensils?
How can I freeze basil?
What is the most successful American actor of all time?
What are some good and different ideas for milkshakes?
I'm feeling a little funny right now. Can you help me figure out what's going on?
What is Times Square in New York?
The planet is more water than land. I wonder where all the water came from?
If I can't pay my rent, how long can I stay until they throw me out?
What are the best foods that will help to curb ones appetite?
How do I protect my wood deck from termites?
What are some good school fundraisers?
What is vertigo?
where is the best country to find gold
How often are the Olympics?
I am worried about my privacy online. How can I browse the internet more anonymously?
Could dragons have ever existed?
How do I block a baby from going in the kitchen?
Hello, I am trying to find out if aliens are real. Can you help?
What are good musical instruments for babies?
Can you help me gather information for a research paper about World War 2?
Can you tell me the basics of travel insurance?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Har Gow?
What are some of the best book series of all time?
what are some cool ocean activities?
Can you help me to learn about Elvis? How did he die? I heard there was a lot of confusion around this.
what are some fun spectator sports?
What can a locksmith do?
Why does crayon feel like wax?
How do I get a job at a large corporation?
How can I learn to be a mechanic?
What should I know before I fly a drone?
Which living singer has the most vocal range today?
How can I get a bigger vocabulary?
What are some real cheap ways to feed 2 people for a week?
How can I pickle green tomatoes?
Is it dangerous to hike alone in mountain lion country?
How do I encourage a toddler to run?
Hi, I've been struggling for awhile, and I'd like to get welfare. Can you tell me what the eligibility requirements are, and how to apply for it?
I'm struggling to remember what the python function is to sort all the numbers in a list into an ascending order. Can you help?
Do foot warmers help keep your warm in the winter?
Should my pregnant friend take prenatal vitamins?
How do I make good fried chicken at home?
What is the cause of common cold?
What advice do you have for riding a horse?
Does laser hair removal get rid of hair for good?
Is Ringo Starr still recording?
Why do most new things we buy only last a little while before they break? In the old days, stuff lasted.
What are some good flavoring for fried chicken?
What is HTTP?
Who discovered the americas first?
Is the appendix really 'useless'?
Do you like stories?
Which company invented the N-Gage gaming device?
Can you explain the 9/11 for me?
I want to go to the Island of Bali. Please tell me how to get there from Los Angeles.
How do I quit my job?
When were glasses first invented?
I want to mail a Christmas gift to my son in Seattle. When do I have to get it in the mail for it to arrive on time?
How can I use Twitter to promote my business?
I want to become a cord cutter and cancel my cable. How can I still watch television without cable?
I'm planning a trip to Paris for one week. Can you help me?
What are some tourist attractions that I can visit in Ireland?
Find Dwayne Johnson movies
How do I get someone to open up and be vulnerable?
Can you tell me a guide for getting started playing the mobile game Pokemon Go?
How can I clarify butter?
What is the best foods that are low in carbs
How can I be more likeable
What are some cool places to visit in Moscow?
What are some ways a husband can support a wife during the birthing process?
How do I clean the outside of my computer?
I'm taking a trip and need to learn to speak a phrase in a few languages. Can you help?
We are getting a pet ferret soon and would like some information about them.
Do I have COVID?
What is the dirty dozen?
How do I get a college scholarship
Why do they need to put metal shoes on horses? What is wrong with their natural feet?
I'm going on a bird-watching walk for the first time. What should I bring with me?
How can you get your cat to go in the litter box?
What does the Kiwanis do?
I’m looking for a new cookie recipe. Do you have any ideas?
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
What does it mean when a flag is at half-mast?
Up to what age should kids use velcro shoes?
I'm having a problem with mould in my house. Can you recommend a good way to get rid of it?
What are the names of the two sisters and main characters of Frozen and Frozen II?
I really like breakfast sandwiches, but I've never made my own. What do I need to my a good breakfast sandwich?
I'm traveling to France soon and need to get a passport. I've never had one before. Can you tell me how I should go about getting one?
Which movies are similar to Road House?
What is the best way to invest money?
How do I avoid carpal tunnel?
I wanna learn how to do a pull up
What is work study?
I want to teach a a child the basic rules of capitalization
How do dogs get heartworm?
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
what are some animals i should show my kid at the zoo?
How can I find an electrician to let me be his or her apprentice?
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
What are some snacks I can have to help me cram for a test?
Do you know of any exercises that can help with balance?
What are some of the best horror movies from the 1960s?
Are you familiar with the DSM-5?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
Who was the first to fly an airplane in the United States?
How do I stop from being so ticklish?
Can you provide me steps on changing the oil in my 2008 Honda Accord?
Who is the top country singer right now?
Should I take a vacation or put a down payment on a house?
How can I find out if I meet the course requirements for a university class?
How do I get rid of cradle cap?
What is a secured credit card?
Thanksgiving is coming up and I'm noticing more and more fighting between the left and right about it. Why is Thanksgiving a political issue now?
What are some of the best forms of exercise for the body?
I have a hard time getting organized to get all of my chores done. Can you help me with that?
I miss talking to people online. I am not on any mainstream social media sites. I used to be but not anymore. Are there any new sites that are 1st amendment friendly?
Bitcoin currency seems to be a little bit complex. I have relatives who owned it. Do you know the general gist of it?
Have any foods, been shown to fight cancer, in scientific studies?
How do I become a more engaging public speaker?
How do I baby proof my house?
What should I bring to a cookout?
What year did the popular band Metallica form?
Can you tell me how to make a pumpkin pie?
How do I keep from crying at sappy movies?
How often should i wash my hair?
Is there a such thing as third cousins?
I'm trying to learn how to grow the biggest pumpkins
What are some of the best action movies from the 1990s?
I have a rat infestation in my apartment. What's the best way to get rid of them?
My mom has been suffering from sciatica for a long time and its not getting better. Is there anything she can do?
What is a good stocking stuffer
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Soto Ayam?
Pleases tell me how to make butter cookies.
Does prayer work?
I just adopted a pet cat. It's about one year old. What sort of food should I feed it to start?
How do you make Potatoes au Gratin?
How is an IPA beer different than an APA beer?
What are Air Jordan sneakers?
Was there a sequel made to Dirty Dancing?
I would like to build my own meat smoker so I can smoke my own meats at home. Do you have any ideas on how I could do that?
I'm curious to learn the history of photography. Can you provide information about when the camera was first invented?
How do I understand a bible verse?
What type of tea leaves is suitable for making milk tea?
What is the best way to tie off a tender to the side of my boat?
Hi, I'd like to learn how to make cream of mushroom soup. Can you give me a recipe for that?
Find Chris Evans movies
Can you explain the process of making butter to me?
What are some natural remedies for symptoms of arthritis?
How can I learn to juggle?
The book Moby Dick by Melville is classic. I'm trying to remember how the book ends?
Learning Spanish is mandatory in most high schools in the US. How come so few people actually know the language then?
What are the benefits of drinking green tea?
what are some modern tv shows about superheroes?
What type of fuel is the best for the environment?
I'm interested in aromatherapy. Do you know what essential oils are good for relaxation?
Could a person live off the grid relatively simply, with just a few thousand dollars? I've often wondered if living in the woods cut off from society, might be an option.
Why do soldiers wear camouflage?
What is the best method to make quesadillas?
Have there been any valid criticisms against Darwinism?
I feel like I've been spending too much time browsing online. How can I cut back on my internet time?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of Jimi Hendrix. Can you help me put together a playlist of his most popular and influential music?
Can you tell me why super bowl commercials are so expensive for companies?
Can you walk me through how to cook the perfect scrambled eggs?
what are some common freshwater lake fish species?
How do you fix the bags under your eyes?
How do you find new apps?
What do I do if I have holes in my jeans?
What ingredients do I need to make a margherita pizza?
What are some good safety tips for rollerblading
Hi, I want to find a new tv show to watch but I’m not sure what
Do you have any advice for taking care of a puppy?
Was the U2 a plane or a submarine?
How can I get better lighting in my house?
What are some good indoor plants for Christmas?
What are some ways that I can prevent snoring?
I'm trying to make Low Mein, a Chinese dish. Do you have a good recipe?
How can I make hand sanitizer?
Why has college tuition gotten so expense in the last few decades?
Best way to organize a clothes closet
At what age should a kid get their own computer for schoolwork?
How do I do leg exercises?
What is the most popular sport in the United States?
What do I do if there's a bobcat in my garden?
How do I help my friend with her family problems?
Will a loud sound system hurt my ears?
what are some good dance classes for kids?
What are the symptoms of bubonic plague in humans?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Char Siu?
How do I do a pinata with kids?
What is the process to get a job working as a zookeeper?
Search for a chicken marsala recipe
How can I help my friend who's getting divorced?
How can I start my own podcast?
How do I jump start a car?
Do you know how to help someone when they experience a panic attack?
What is PTSD?
Esther Hicks is a well known speaker on spiritual matters. When did she get started, and what is her main theory?
I'm trying to cut back on sugar. What are some healthier alternatives to sugar?
Find some adventure games for the Playstation 3.
My kitchen sink is frequently getting clogged. Do you have any advice for unclogging a drain?
How do you start a blog?
I think my appendix might have burst and I need to go to the hospital. What are the symptoms and signs of a burst appendix?
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
What should I bring to a potluck?
Are most stores closed on Thanksgiving Day?
what are some shows i might enjoy if i like wheel of fortune?
How do I write a biography?
what ingredients are used to make tequila?
What is the New York Stock Exchange?
Can you help me learn a few common Norwegian phrases?
What is the best weight loss program for women?
Can you tell me how to bake a ham in the oven?
How do you get rid of dog poop smell from the lawn?
Can you tell me which states in the US have the highest minimum wage?
What do I do if I see a pack of coyotes in the wild?
Are you supposed to leave hair conditioner in your hair for a few minutes before you rinse it out?
I need tips to make my girlfriend happy. Any ideas?
How many continents are in the world?
I am trying to cut back on my alcohol consumption. Do you have any tips?
What is the best age to start teaching a child how to swim in water?
How do I get my adopted child who was in the foster system to trust me?
Please tell me about penicillin.
Describe the themes in Emily Dickison poems
Can you tell me what kind of collisions are covered in an insurance policy having full coverage?
What kind of gift can you give a party hostess?
Can you tell me about the tradition of mistletoe?
What day is Easter?
Do the Police Departments get to keep all the money they get from tickets?
How come horse meat is never sold anywhere? Does it taste bad?
I would like to learn more about the Popular Anime Pokemon.
I want to find a movie to watch with my girlfriend
Can you give me a recipe for home made cold brew?
Search for a steak and mushroom recipe
What are some nice ways to line my garden path?
How do I go spelunking?
How do I make a corn casserole?
I’m looking for a new cookie recipe. Do you have any ideas?
I am trying to find a hotel to stay in for my visit to Paris, France. Can you help?
What are little things I can do for my husband to show I care?
What are some caffeine filled items I can consume?
what are some dishes i can make with mango?
How do I teach my kids about fire safety?
Can you recommend some meals that I can have for a healthy lunch?
Is it immoral to download music illegally?
Do wireless headphones have lower sound quality than wired headphones?
Why does classic music have "blind auditions" when hiring musicians for their symphony?
I want to teach a college student the differences between leasing a car and buying a car. Let's start with the differences in monthly payments
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
Can you tell me what the children's book Corduroy is about?
How do I become a preschool teacher?
What is pilates?
I'm a big fan of Mexican street corn. Can you provide me with a recipe for grilled street corn?
Can you help me understand what a hegemony is?
What should I do if I'm caught in a thunderstorm?
Can you tell me more about Catherine the Great, the empress of Russia?
how many miles is the United states and canadas border
I'd like to soothe a friend who recently broke one of their fingers. Do you have suggestions?
Can you tell me the difference between the civil and criminal courts in the American justice system?
what countries is good coffee from?
Is CBD oil worth all the hype? Just seem like holistic mumbo-jumbo and placebo to me.
What does it mean when they declare a mistrial?
How can I manage back pain?
Find AC/DC songs
What are some of Al Pacino's best movies?
I want to make nachos. How should I do that?
I'm trying to write a novel. Do you have any tips on how to organize my ideas and get started?
How can I add calcium to soil?
Which state should I move to for the best weather year round?
The Blue Lotus is a theme in much ancient Egyptian art. What is the significance to that culture?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Muloukhia?
What are the 12 eras of US history?
What is Impractical Jokers?
How do I teach a baby to stop hitting?
How do I make a pop up card?
What are the best books written by Fyodor Dostoevsky?
What is there to do at South Yuba River State Park?
I want to take a trip to visit my family overseas. How do I purchase a plane ticket?
Why do cat pupil just have a slit instead of being round?
How do you draw a horse?
What is the best way to clean silver jewelry?
I'm trying to make pesto using fresh basil. I have a recipe but perhaps you have a better recipe.
What plants are good to overwinter in the house?
The Raven, by Poe, has always given a chill. Let's talk about the plot, and maybe what inspired Poe?
What is the VFW?
How can I learn how to play the drums?
Can you give me some information about the passover holiday?
what are some foods that are known to make people sleepy?
How can I stop acid reflux?
Hello, I am trying to find a math tutor for my child
Can you tell me what a computer 'bug' actually is?
How do you cash a personal check?
How do I use a VPN on my computer?
How can I become a reality tv star?
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
Did Durer ever see a rhinoceros in real life?
When was The Beatles first tour?
What are shellfish?
I need help finding the best pie recipe.
How do I fry up an egg omelet?
What is the best at home DIY stain solution?
My wife loves wine and chocolate. Do you know what chocolates can be paired with wine?
I need a recipe for pancakes.
I'm trying to learn how to make vegan jerky, can you provide me a recipe?
I want to get a puppy for my family, but I'm not sure what breed to get. Can you help me find a breed that is calm and good with kids?
What are good ways to keep flies away from the outdoor trash can?
My son was asking me a geography question and I could not really answer it for him. Can you help me to understand whether or not Washington D.C. is a state or not?
How do I avoid getting distracted from the things I should be doing?
Find a blueberry pancake recipe
I'm struggling to remember what the python function is to sort all the numbers in a list into an ascending order. Can you help?
Give me a list of ingredients for fruit cake.
What is the cause of acid reflux?
What are the health benefits of getting sun?
What is involved in a pap smear?
How do you get rid of water bugs in your home?
The winter solstice is coming up. What are some ways to traditionally celebrate this time of year?
Stevie van Zandt, is more known as an actor to me, than a musician. I'm curious about his career, any high points you might know about?
I'm trying to come up with a Christmas present for my girlfriend
Who does CCleaner do for your computer?
How do I safely use a nail gun?
I need to get my brother a gift for his birthday next week, he loves movies and cycling, any suggestions on what to buy him?
How do I get the stains off my shoes?
I am travelling on the ferry to Ireland tomorrow but I get sea sick very easily. Any advice you can give for dealing with sea sickness?
Should people limit their alcohol consumption?
How do you make milk tea?
What is the highest paying job in the United States?
I want to learn how to do a pullup. I'm not strong enough yet, what are some exercises I can do to get stronger?
Why my dog likes to sleep in my room at night
When your throat is scratchy, what's the best cure herbally?
What are some fun tv shows to watch with kids?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
What are some ways that I could get rid of bloating?
Could you help me find some techniques to help manage my time better?
Where is Singapore?
I've been thinking about buying some exotic, dangerous pets like a rattlesnake. What precautions can I take to remain safe with an exotic pet?
how do i know if my child is ready for a pet cat?
Can you tell me the rules for running in a public marathon race?
How does Zelle work?
what do i do if i am coughing up blood?
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
After Christmas times, I have a lot of trash around and need to figure out which things are recyclable. Can you think of some of the things during Christmas time that are recyclable, such as trees, boxes, wrapping paper, etc.
What are some things I can do in Monterrey, Mexico?
What is a good oral care routine?
How can I avoid a hangover?
I was thinking about making some apple pie today, but it sure has a lot of carbs and sugar. I wonder what are some healthy ways to make an apple pie, healthier?
Is Gwen Stefani of No Doubt still active?
Why does my skin get more dry in cold weather?
What is Amazon Mechanical Turk?
What is the best choice you ever made
What can causes a build up of static electricity?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sop Kambing?
I like going to Starbucks at times. Right now, I wanna make one of their drinks at home. Do you know the steps of how I can make a Starbucks salted caramel mocha?
How do I get a patent for an invention?
What minerals are most asteroids made up of?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Saffron risotto?
When was Nike founded?
My daughter has to take her driving test soon. What are some basic tips I can give her to help her become a good driver?
Is this year supposed to have an El Nino weather pattern?
How do I make Mexican ground beef?
I want to learn more about the Spanish Civil War.
what are some exercises i can do at the office in between work?
Find a egg casserole recipe
Please compile a list of the most important scientific discoveries of the 20th century.
I'm travelling to Hungary and would like to learn some common terms in the language.
Curious to know where sangria comes from, the history of it
Can you tell me the basics of travel insurance?
I'd like to invest in solar panels, but I live in a pretty cloudy part of the world (the Pacific Northwest). What are your thoughts?
What is a good pet bird to get?
I have a MIckey Mantel baseball card I want to sell, how do I get the best price?
How can I get a horse to trust me?
What should I do if my toilet isn't flushing as well as it used to?
How can I fix a car that won't start?
What are some tapas I can make?
How should I teach my son about mathematics? He's ten years old.
How can I help my dog with diabetes?
How do I open gifv files?
what does a number 2 pencil mean
How do I choose a good family doctor?
I heard that diesel trucks can just be left idling for as long as you want, while gas engines need to be shut off after a while?
I’m trying to write an apology letter
Jerry Lewis is said to have disowned his children, and left them out of the will. Do you know much history on that?
Native American, or Indigenous tradition in the United States, sometimes focuses on the Buffalo as a sacred animal. I'm curious as to why, some themes about that?
Does China have treaties with it's neighbors if it gets attacked to come and help?
What are some strategies that I can use when playing scrabble?
My rooster makes noise too early in the morning. What should I do?
How do I make an organized essay for my history class?
What do you think makes a good husband?
how can i harvest honey
What are some skills I need to be a security guard?
Can domesticated cats breed with any type of wild cat?
I need to change the tires on my car, can you help walk me through the steps?
What is the best way to draw a simple flower with pencil?
How far could a cannon be shot during the medieval period?
Find a tandoori chicken recipe
Are there any NASA space missions going on currently?
How can I protect my hearing?
What are some national parks that would make a great family road trip in the west coast?
What is an insurance deductible?
How do I make rainbow Jello?
What is the purpose of daylight savings time
I would like to learn about lucid dreaming.
My friend makes it a habit of routinely borrowing money from me. To be fair, he always pays it back and I can afford to loan it to him without causing me any pain really. But I just resent it sometimes that it seems to have become a habit. Am I being selfish?
How do I uninstall a program from my computer?
What is the best place to surf in the continental US?
How long do horses live for?
What cut of beef makes the best steak?
is spanking acceptable?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Dublin Coddle?
What are some fun end of school year classroom activities?
What is the best climate to grow watermelons in?
Could you teach me a bit about the company Twitter and it's history?
Find Stephen King's most popular books
What does the tomb of the unknown soldier mean?
Can you tell me about red dye in foods and why people say it is harmful?
What is the most powerful superhero in the Marvel universe?
I heard of a copycat recipe for Olive Garden's Fettucini Alfredo. Can you help me find it?
How can I adjust water pH?
How much coffee is too much?
Would you be able to provide me information on making a vegan friendly pizza?
Can you tell me how to bake a ham in the oven?
How effective is it to learn a foreign language online. I want to be able to speak French.
I want to adopt a dog? Where should I go? I live in Dallas.
Will Arnett is a great actor, and has a lot of voiceover work too. What are some of his biggest and most famous works?
I'm trying to find vegan kitkats
what are some good topping for ice cream
Hi, I'm supposed to conjugate the present tense of the verb 'to be' for English class, but I don't know what that means. Can you explain how to do that?
Are dog treats good for dogs?
How do I make my house smell nicer?
Can you tell me the pros and cons of getting a breast reduction?
How can I learn to write in cursive?
Can you help me say "Where is the park" in different languages?
How do people get athletic scholarships?
Can you help me find the right oil filter for my car?
Why do people from northern states like to retire in southern places like Florida?
What do I do if my stomach hurts?
What is a Real ID and what is the difference between it and a regular state ID?
I am trying to mix some colours. What happens if I mix blue and red?
How long was World War One?
Should I buy an unlocked phone or one under contract
What should I buy my dog for Christmas
How do I apply mulch to my yard?
I hear that survivalists recommend people build fires if they're ever lost in the woods. They say it's important not just for wamrth, but psychological reasons. Why do you think fire can make people feel better psychologically?
How can I motivate a friend who just got fired?
what are some fun classic cartoons?
Do you have any tips for word search puzzles?
How can I eliminate distractions and be more focused?
I'm going into the backcountry for a weekend and wondering what to do about going to the bathroom and toilet paper. How do people arrange that in the wilderness?
My mom makes some money doing secret shopping jobs. What exactly is secret shopping?
What can I get my child for their preschool graduation?
How often should you go for an eye exam?
How do you treat slightly frostbitten hands?
I want to start saving for retirement. What should I do?
I think I might have seasonal affective disorder. What are the symptoms?
I'm a naturally skinny person who would like to build more muscle mass. What sort of diet changes or nutritional changes should I make?
What are ways I can remove a stripped screw?
How can I make homemade Febreze spray?
I want to get family photos taken, does Sears still do that?
What are some ways I can improve my memory?
what are some shows i might enjoy if i like wheel of fortune?
What are some interesting toppings for burgers?
What's the best way to save money for college?
What is an API?
How do you know what to recycle?
Would an event planner be a fun career?
Who were Romeo & Juliette
Find a recipe for oatmeal peanut butter cookies
How do you keep from getting sick in the winter?
Is Bermuda a good place to take a vacation?
What are some of the best fighting video games?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
How do I come up with a good password?
How to shampoo carpet
DO astronauts experience any problems later in life from their time in space?
I'm thinking about getting a smartphone, do you think it's a good idea?
How do I learn to read braille?
What is the Indy 500?
Hello, I am trying to find a recipe for Green Bean Casserole
It's strange that asian countries developed with chopstick utensils while the west use forks, knives and spoons. Do you have any idea why that is?
I'm trying to find out what the weather will be like this weekend
What are some of the best alternative rock bands from the 90s?
What is the average temperature in November in Washington DC?
Can you tell me a bit about what overnight oats are?
How can I make a pinata?
Why did the British colonize India at one point in time?
What are some fun games to play with friends on our cell phones?
I wonder if a daily cup of coffee, is healthier overall, than avoiding coffee all together?
I have a free Amazon Prime trial that's expiring soon. What factors should I focus on when trying to decide if I should extend my membership?
My supervisor often does a lot of tasks incorrectly. What's the best way to handle this?
Do you have a pulse
What are some foods I can bake with mayonnaise?
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
How do I make my relationship more romantic?
Do you know any tips and tricks for solving crossword puzzles?
Would you give me some information on the video game Final Fantasy X?
Can you tell me about the different types of ballroom dancing?
Can I make my own flying kite?
I want to comfort a friend who recently lost a pet. Do you have any thoughts on how to make them feel better?
Please describe the difference between Inc and LLC
What are some ways I can teach a toddler to swim?
What types of protein should a vegetarian eat?
What is clam chowder?
I'm trying to learn more about the popular game fortnite.
What are some places that still have traditional tribes that live in the jungle?
How do I make popcorn without a microwave?
I'd like to make chicken noodle soup. I've never done it before. Can you help?
Can you tell me if Tigers are an endangered species anymore?
My friend makes it a habit of routinely borrowing money from me. To be fair, he always pays it back and I can afford to loan it to him without causing me any pain really. But I just resent it sometimes that it seems to have become a habit. Am I being selfish?
What is Canada's relationship with the United Kingdom?
What's is the easiest way to make money?
How do you use a DLP projector?
Explain how fast a hummingbird moves its wings
Do you know Plato's "Allegory of the Cave"?
I keep finding ants on my kitchen counters. How do I get rid of them?
The River Styx has always had such a mystical story. Can you illustrate more for me verbally?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn some of the language.
What are things I can do on vacation in italy?
I'm trying to lose my weight but nothing seems to work, what do you think is the best approach to lose weight?
How much schooling is required to become a pediatrician?
Would a stunt person be a fun career?
How do you keep your immune system strong so you don't get a cold?
What do guests usually bring to a informal dinner party?
How long does it take an average person to walk a mile?
What are some things I can make with cream cheese?
Which nut is one of the healthier ones, to snack on? Cashews taste great, but others might be better.
Paulo Coelho has been a great author for many years. What are some of his best-known books? I might want to read another book of his.
Do you have any good turkey sandwich recipes?
Can I make a doctors appointment for my daughter?
What are some simple ways to improve my appearance?
What is JoJo Siwa famous for?
Was anybody killed in the earthquake in Iran Sunday?
How do I write an apology email?
I have a mouse in kitchen. What is the best trap to use to catch it?
How is vodka made?
Who is Lady Gaga?
I'd like to learn about the Bible in a fun and informative way. Are there any YouTube channels that teach the bible?
What other uses are there for Pumpkins besides pumpkin pie?
What are some cool things in the forest I can take pictures of?
I heard of a copycat recipe for Olive Garden's Fettucini Alfredo. Can you help me find it?
How do I care for a wood table?
Where is the best place to go shopping when visiting Japan?
Can you help me learn how to make Banana Bread?
what do i do if i am coughing up blood?
what are some good treats for a chihuahua?
What is it about AIDS that kills people?
Can you give me some tips for keeping my tattoos from fading?
What are some different types of foods that I can put in a dehydrator?
Can you help me make a batch of chocolate chip pancakes?
I want to know more about Neil Armstrong. Can you help me?
What are some fun things i can get my child to play with his superhero toys?
Can you give me a list of substitute for sugar?
I'm trying to learn about the difference between yoga and pilates.
How do I make scones?
How can I be more talkative in a group setting?
Can you tell me how current social programs in the US are effecting homelessness?>
What is the most reliable luxury car?
I'm trying to figure out the best type of cookies to make for a bake sale.
How do I sanitize a toothbrush?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pastelitos?
Can you tell me how much the price of oil has changed over the last 30 years?
Do kids need a chickenpox vaccine?
Hi, I just picked up a couple of smoked ham hocks from Walmart, but I don't know how to prepare them. Can you give me a good recipe for smoked ham hocks?
How can I keep rodents away from my home?
Which animals besides primates are the smartest?
Does learning to play a musical instrument have any benefit for children later in life?
Do you have natural remedies for diaper rash?
Why are there so many different kinds of USB plugs?
How can I plant garlic?
How do you prepare oysters?
How do I sled down a hill?
What are normal stipulations within an NDA contract?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
What are some vegetables to use on pizza?
Can you make a living as a professional slot machine player?
I want to book a hotel in Bangkok. I want something that i s luxurious. what options would you suggest?
How can I defrost cooked chicken?
Hey, if I have twelve pieces of fruit, made up of apples and oranges, and three of them are apples, how many oranges do I have?
Can you tell me what the advantages of journaling are?
Are asteroids a legitimate danger to humans on planet earth?
What is the latest I should drink coffee in a day?
Can you give a list of onomatopoeia words?
Did all cowboys in the wild west carry guns?
What is the process for trial of a new drug?
Can you tell me how often I should be changing my sheets?
How do you avoid high atm fees?
how can i learn to be a mime?
Why are there differences types of glasses for different types of wine?
Can you tell me which are the most popular soccer teams in the UK with fans?
Can you help me find information for identifying gems that mined?
How an I patch up a hole in a shirt?
I need to learn some common food terms in Spanish.
Mustard seems pretty common these days, in most people's refrigerators. When did people start using mustard as a condiment on foods, I'm curious about its history.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baingan Bharta?
I'm going to Finland and need to learn destination terms.
I would like to learn more about the original PlayStation memory card.
What should be in a car first aid kit?
What's the best way to ask someone out on a date who you've just met?
Where is the north star?
What part of Maine is coolest during the Summer?
Please tell me the order of the planets from The Sun.
What do I do about fatty bumps underneath the skin fo my arm?
What are the 8 limbs of yoga?
Should you use a shampoo with a conditioner?
I'm trying to eat a healthier diet and I'm wondering what types of foods I should avoid generally.
How do I get better at dribbling a soccer ball?
I want to know how to cook simple Mexican food. Can you help me?
Are Red Foxes native to North America?
What are some landscaping tips and advice for beginners?
What can I do to make my hair straighter? It's very wavy and kind of curly.
Could robots ever be smarter than humans?
How do I get ride of lice?
I need advice on which game console to buy
What are some interesting bagel toppings?
I'm thinking of doing a 7 day water fast. Do you have any advice for this?
How do you jump start a car?
What is the most celebrated holiday in the United States
What is the best retirement age?
What is the latest album by "The Who"?
What are some ways that I can get rid of a cold sore?
What is a good seasoning for a whole turkey?
I need help finding a new movie to watch. I only watch horror movies. Do you have any ideas?
How do I fix cracks in the pavement?
What is the correct way to mow the lawn?
How do I stop getting back acne?
Is the Iphone SE a good phone?
What do modern trains use as fuel?
Can you tell me what the dimensions are for a standard twin size bed?
The Nutcracker Suite will be playing soon, by Tchaikovsky. Seems there's always some annual production somewhere. I'm curious about the gist of the story?
How do I learn to put on blush and not look like a clown?
I would like to learn more about the origins of the tooth fairy.
My son wants to get his first pet. I'm not sure what type of pet would be best for him.
How do I teach a child their ABCs?
I want to know which Williams sister has won more Grand Slam titles.
Should my child get vaccinated for covid?
Is a CPA a good career?
What is there to do at Big Basin Redwoods State Park?
Why do some states in the US not observe daylight savings time and some do?
I want to bring a nice bottle of wine to a dinner party. Can you help me decide on the right kind?
How can I become a better cook?
I'm going to Norway and need to learn a few points of interest in the language.
What is meteorology?
I heard that lobster used to be a poor person's food back in the old days, why is it so expensive now?
How do I know if my brakes need replacement?
how do i install a septic tank?
Would you consider red dead 2 to be better than GTA V?
I'm thinking about migrating to Europe. Do you think it's a good idea?
What are the current odds that there is intelligent life in our galaxy?
What is the difference between Metric and American wrench sizes?
How do you use a DLP projector?
What are essentials for a first aid kit?
How can I store cookie dough?
how do i become a civil engineer?
What do I teach kids about stranger danger?
What is the best way to debone a turkey?
I'm planning on buying an electric toothbrush to help keep my teeth clean more efficiently. Can you suggest a popular well reviewed one to me?
We've just moved to the area and I have two children, ages 5 and 7. We don't know anybody in the neighborhood or even in the town really but I need to find a safe, reliable babysitter and I don't know where to begin.
What are some vitamins I can take for skin health?
Why do conservatives hate Sesame Street so bad?
How can I train my cat to use a pet door?
Could you provide me some information on President Obama?
Why do they sell hotdog wieners in packs of 10 and the buns in packs of 8?
Today, I am craving a caesar salad! Would you be able to provide with me a recipe for anchovy vinaigrette, or a general idea of how to make the vinaigrette?
How can I make a sales funnel that converts?
Is HVAC a good career?
How do I go back to school?
I'm planning a movie night and want to watch romantic comedies. What are some popular romantic comedy movies?
How many years from now is the universe expected to contract?
Are the Sika Deer native to North America?
Where does Jambalaya originate?
Why did he stop talking to me
Why is America the only western country to use Fahrenheit as opposed to Celsius?
When was the Pontiac division started?
What are some common tools you might find in a toolbox? Give me like 5 or 6 examples to keep the list short.
Are there any resources I can use to learn how to calculate probability?
Who invented seat belts?
Why does Caterpillar make their vehicles so the owner can't even work on them?
Do you have useful tips on teaching my daughter fractions, decimals and percentages?
How do I organize odds and ends at home? For example, electronic parts, screws, etc? It's driving me crazy
Can you tell me how to make lasagna?
What are the best types of fish to fry?
What's the safest way to thaw frozen meats quickly?
What day of the week will Christmas fall on this year?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sopa de Queso?
Is there much of a difference in taste if I make my steak on the stove as opposed to a grill?
I always hear people talk about room temperature. But, what temperature is the most comfortable to have while inside?
How do you write an obituary?
What are some environmentally friendly transportation methods?
How can I become a stand-up comedian?
Can you help my choose a gift for my female partner, she's thirty years old and we've been together for eight years.
I have been a Microsoft Windows user for many years. I am about to make a new PC purchase and I'm considering switching to Apple, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea. Should I make the jump or is it better to go with the "devil I know"?
What are the requirements to be an air space controller?
Any ideas for how to catch a fish without a fishing pole?
What is an eclipse?
How do I learn the accordion?
How do I fix a flat tire?
Should I start my child off on piano or keyboard?
I have to write a school report on the greatest basketball players in NBA history. I know Michael Jordan should be included, but who else can I write about?
I would like to learn how mayonnaise is made can you help me?
How you remove a rusty screw that's probably stuck?
How can I make my own baguettes at home?
What are some easy to eat breakfasts for kids?
What are some imaginative play toys for toddlers?
How did the number "13" end up being unlucky?
How do you uninstall apps on Android phones?
Find songs by Shakira
How do you defrost a turkey?
Hey Assistant, I'm looking for some new music. Can you help?
What are some good ways to eat celery?
Can you tell me the process for enlisting in the Navy?
Can you tell me instructions for washing leather gloves?
Is Tracfone a good prepaid plan?
are kiwiis grown in the US?
What equipment do I need for rock climbing?
I was thinking about the company Microsoft when I was upgrading my computer yesterday. Can you tell me when it was founded?
Can a pig be a pet?
What's a good way to display a toy car collection?
What are some popular philosophies on life?
how do i convert to buddhism?
Do you have a recipe for Bibimbap?
How do I get rid of a pimple on my chin?
Michael Jackson is gone but I still listen to his music. Do you like his music?
Sometimes I wake up with a sore back, is there some exercises I can do in the morning that might help?
Find directions for defrosting a freezer
How can I treat calluses on my feet?
What are signs of puberty?
What is the difference between hardneck and softneck garlic?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Churrasco ?
I'm having issues with a mouse infestation in my home.
How can I find out if I am qualified for a phone upgrade on my phone plan?
How do you know you are happy?
How do you keep score for the game of golf?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Italian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cipollate con Pancetta?
How do I transport fish when moving?
When do Black Friday sales start?
Hi, I've been seriously wronged, and I'd like to get a remedy in the courts. How do I file a lawsuit against someone?
What are some nursery rhymes to teach kids?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Risgrot?
Can you help me write the abstract for a grant proposal? The goals of the proposal are: I would start by applying safety research to uses of language models that are increasingly complicated over time. For a given application, the first step will be working on a research prototype. After demonstrating success, the goal will be to collaborate with product teams to assess feasibility offline before running experiments with that product. I envision applying a number of safety techniques to practical problems, including debate, fine-tuning language models with reinforcement learning from human or automated feedback, adversarial training, specialized classification language models (e.g., for inconsistency, subjectivity, illogical arguments, or evasiveness) that can be fine-tuned with supervised learning, conversational simulators, explicit models of user value to improve alignment and improved robustness techniques. I propose starting with more limited scope language tasks that should be easier to work with, while allowing for improvements to commercial products in the near term. For any of these tasks, there will be iterations on translating tasks into a form that can produce results in collaboration with safety researchers. In many of these, it would be valuable to apply specialized models to identify inconsistencies, incorrect arguments, falsehoods, subjective results, toxic language, unfair bias, or manipulation. These models can also be used to provide automated feedback, supplementing feedback based on ground truth answers. * Intent detection - this is used in mainstream conversational agents today to understand a user’s goals to direct a predefined conversation flow * Summarization - converting documents into shorter summaries would be very useful (especially if the results are more reliable than what has been possible to date). * Document relevance - allowing users to explicitly state what information they are looking for - this task is about finding semantically relevant documents * Generating descriptions,
How do I buy a new car online?
Hey, me and my boyfriend are in our twenties and are looking to move to a new city. Could you help with some recommendations on cities we might want to move to?
Search for brussels sprouts salad
What is the best age to start teaching a child how to swim in water?
What does the grocery store do with all the expired food they have every month.
How can i save up for a vacation?
How many species of doves exist?
Is it better the Lease a new car or to finance it to own?
What's the best career path for someone with the INFP personality type?
How can I volunteer at an old folks' home?
Can you tell me how the Home Depot Credit card works?
how does cryptocurrency work?
Write an outline for an article titled "How to get your dream job in tech"
I'm trying to get fit and want to learn how to do lunges at home. Can you provide me information on how to do lunges correctly?
I'm looking to improve my gut health. How can I do that?
Do blind people lose track of day and night cycles?
Search for brussels sprouts salad
Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for caramel apples?
What are some toys I can get my kids to help them exercise?
How do you get rid of spiders?
Why do people even think they can win the lottery?
Can you help me find out which plants are easy to take care of and have a nice scent?
Assistant, can you help me find books that have really popular antagonists?
Can you help me understand copyright infringement? If I own a piece of music, why can I not make a copy of it and give it to my friend?
How come people say not to put hot food in the fridge?
Can you tell me the steps for getting a harbor boat slip for my sailboat?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Harees?
Is a radio announcer a good career?
How do I deal with dry eyes?
Where was Joe Biden born?
How do you make a candle?
What are some cities to visit in Indonesia?
I need a good skincare routine
I'm trying to write a research paper for school about the history of rock music from the 1950's to today. Do you think you could help me?
Hi, I want to do concentration curls with dumbbells, to really isolate my biceps. Can you explain how the exercise is performed?
How long does it take to grow marijuana?
What are some foods that are good for diabetics?
What are the lyrics to American Pie by Don McLean?
What can I make a lampshade out of?
I just came into some money and I'd like a worthy nonprofit to donate to. Can you offer any suggestions?
What tools can reveal old stains on carpet?
I'm trying to find the best quality of fencing for a cheap price. It needs to be privacy fencing
I would like to expand my vocabulary. Do you have any suggestions for me?
Why is alcohol so effective at killing bacteria?
What are the basic steps of opening up a bookstore business?
What are some of the best sitcoms of all time?
what are some good yellowtail seasonings?
Hi, I need to find the area of a circle for math class. Can you help me do that?
What are some good Step 2 toys for boys?
Can a lost military medal be replaced?
Hey! I want to start enjoying football Sunday more, but I don't really understand the rules of football, can you help me learn some?
I want to get a birthday gift for my neighbor but I'm not sure what to get her. Can you help me decide on something?
How come so many books seem to be "New York Time best sellers"? How can so many books be best sellers?
Do you know if it's legal to have a pet pig in Maryland?
Glen Campbell used to be a famous singer. What are a few of his big songs?
How many drinks would make a 125 pound woman drunk?
Please tell me about Godiva chocolates. They are my favorite.
What are simple techniques for keeping your home secure? From predators, or thieves?
What is the biggest cruise liner in operation?
I'm trying to get some information on the Russo-Japanese War. Can you help me learn about it?
What is selective service?
How can I clean a pillow?
Why did it take so long after the civil war to get rid of segregation?
Should I choose Invisalign or braces?
What are the three branches of the US governmet?
How much money should I give my 10 year old twins for allowances?
How does it feel to be anxious?
When was Samsung established?
how do i make baked beans?
What is geocaching and how does it work?
World War II, was such a huge experience for the world. I'm trying to remember the date ranges, and the casualties lost. Are you familiar with any of those numbers?
I want to track my calorie intake. How can I do that?
Have you heard of Golden Gate Bridge?
what are some animals i might find at the beach?
Has vitamin D supplementation been shown to be effective in preventing the flu?
Hi, I'm dating a Goth girl and I want to familiarize myself with the music she likes. Can you help me put together a playlist of important Goth bands, albums, and songs?
I would like to learn about lucid dreaming.
Can you tell me how to visit the World Trade Center?
Hi, I broke up with my girlfriend a few months ago, but I'm still pretty bummed out about it. Can you give me some suggestions for getting over the relationship?
Where did the original stuffed teddy bear originate?
What are some things I should do to avoid SIDS?
Opera is a classic type of music, that definitely has themes of class involved. I'd like to learn more about Opera, generally. What are classic Operas, to be aware of?
What are some fun card games I could learn?
How can you tell accurately when a piece of meat is done cooking?
What is Shriner's?
What is the best way to prioritize my tasks for work?
What should I give my mail carrier to show appreciation?
How do I make chicken pozole?
What do I do about a runny nose?
What is Gas Monkey Garage?
Who developed the first car for the united states?
How can I make a punching bag?
How do you skip rocks on water?
How was Roman concrete made?
When will the human brain be simulated?
Explain antitrust law to me as if you were Bart Simpson talking to Lisa
I'm going camping in an area with some bears. If I come across one, what should I do to remain safe?
How do you become a nun?
I have a job interview coming up and I am quite nervous, any advice you can give me?
I'd like to comfort a friend who recently broke her ankle. She lives far away from me, but I know she's frustrated.
Where can I take my kids within the United States to see nice natural waterfalls?
When was the first Pokémon video game released in North America?
I'm taking a trip to Miami. What attractions or landmarks are popular to visit there?
Do you think violence in media, like videogames and movies, contributes to violence in the real world?
How do you quit smoking?
How long do goldfish live?
Can you recommend some good horror writers besides stephen king?
How many hours a day should I let my kids play video games?
Is it actually possible to go faster than the speed of light?
I'm in college. How often should I call my parents?
All I have are some dumbbells and a pull-up bar. Is this enough to build a good physique?
How do you get into programming?
I sprained my index finger this morning, do you have any advice on how to care for it?
Do you have any advice for how I can learn to drive a manual car?
Can you tell me about the inside of the White House, such as the executive residence and the wings and the grounds?
What suggestions do you have for improving one's credit score?
How do I find articles written about the Covid 19 vaccine?
When was the Supermarine Spitfire used?
how do i know if my baby has jaundice?
I wonder which car manufacturer has the most reliable cars?
Can you give me a recipe for sponge cake?
I need a new laptop, I want some suggestions!
Search for tuna noodle casserole.
I am going to be transferred to Indonesia by my company. Is it a safe country?
Can you tell me instructions for setting up a tropical fish aquarium?
How can I ease period pain?
I've been concerned about getting enough water every day. What do they recommend is the best volume of water to drink, to stay hydrated?
Who was Winnie The Pooh?
How do I stop my child from being obsessed with a stuffed animal?
How do you change an inner tube in a bicycle tire?
Do you like stories?
what are some good sides I can have with ribs?
What can you tell me about Ghandi?
How do you upload files to cloud storage?
I always seem to attract lots of mosquitos while my partner never seems to get bitten. Is there a scientific explanation for why mosquitos seem more interested in biting some people over others?
How do I make honey tea?
Should you use fabric softener in the laundry?
I mainly work in the customer service industry. My position's called a "Customer Success Engineer". How likely will AI take my job in the future? I mean, we even already have programmed chatbots now which are helpful to a degree. I can only imagine how several folds better an AI customer support will be.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Omek Houria?
how can i stop being so overprotective of my children?
How can I quickly raise a low credit score?
When was the first year that women in the United States were able to vote on presidential elections?
Do you need fire alarms in your home?
What time of the year would it be best to grow pumpkins in my garden?
Can you tell me about the Inkas?
When I cook chicken wings, it hardly retains the flavor. Can you help me figure out why that is?
Can you help me find information to decide on which Hawaiian island I should visit?
I'm trying to find a pair of headphones that are waterproof so I can listen to music while I go swimming. Do you have any suggestions?
How do you become a certified automotive mechanic?
How can I learn a new language fast
Are outdoor cameras good at catching thieves?
Can monkeys swim?
I'm planning to travel to Europe, and wondered if you could suggest some countries, or places, to visit?
The book Dune, has been a classic for quite some time. There are at least three movie versions of that book. I'm curious which is probably the best version, or if you've heard about any of the versions?
Is Gatorade helpful when you are working out?
What are some foods I can eat cucumbers in?
I'm trying to figure out how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Kentucky by car. Can you help me out?
I'm trying to find out more information about Stink Bugs, could you provide me some details?
Which movies are similar to Scarface?
How do you remove a phone's back plate?
How can I make a basketball hoop?
Can you explain how assets are divided in a divorce
What kind of breakfast should I eat before a five mile hike?
How can I get motivated to make some music like when I was younger?
Can you give me some examples of a palatalization?
What time of the year should I plant roses in Maryland?
What are some good streaming mediums?
I want to know how to make an Irish Mule.
I need to train for a 5k run, can you offer me any advice on how to prepare for this run?
I'm trying to learn more about the movie Silence of the Lambs, could you help me?
How do I make a mug cake?
Apples are more available, now that harvest is done. What are the best selling types of apples available now?
What are some of the best action movies from the 1990s?
I'm thinking about doing a skydive, do you recommend it?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cameroonian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Poulet?
With Christmas coming up I was wondering if you had any good recipes for making eggnog?
What are ways to guard your privacy online?
How do I keep my white shoes clean?
what should i consider when thinking of freezing my eggs?
Are most ski areas open now despite COVID-19?
What are some tips for photography of children?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Do you know the symptoms of food poisoning?
Why did they start banning plastic grocery bags everywhere?
I just spilled red wine on my carpet, how can I get the stain out?
Reducing mental illness discrimination
How do you draw a flower?
I'm travelling to Norway and need to learn to say some food words. Can you help?
Get a corn pudding recipe
How do you keep score for the game of golf?
I have to record a meeting I'm attending tomorrow. What's the best audio recorder to use?
How can I help someone that is on a diet?
What do I do if I'm scared of dogs?
What are some of Tom Hank's best movies?
How do banks make money?
Who is Kamala Harris?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some common phrases. Can you help me?
What is a bed and breakfast?
getting another blood test this week for low platelet and white cell count
What are some common things that people collect as a hobby? I need the answer in a list format.
I want to make a chocolate fudge cake. Do you have a good recipe?
Can you tell me the process of cleaning shrimp?
What is there to do at Angel Island State Park?
Are blue berries able to grow in Maryland?
What are some artists I might enjoy if I like Billy Eilish?
Could you help teach me how to make peanut butter cookies?
How long do Cyber Monday sales go on for?
How can I improve my skincare routine?
I'm trying to start a fitness blog. Where do I begin?
what are some good ways to prepare carrots?
My dog is showing signs of blindness, can a blind dog be happy in life
Search for a pumpkin bread recipe
what are pros and cons of electric cars?
What date did WWII start?
I want to make chicken and vegetable fried rice. What kind of vegetables are suitable to make fried rice?
How do I solve a Rubik's Cube?
Describe how to grow tomatoes
What is a good time of year to visit India?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
How do I restart my Xfinity cable box?
My son has just gone to high school but he is really nervous. HOw can I help him>
What foods were popular during the great depression?
A friend returned from a vacation in Italy a while back. She had all kinds of artisan glass. Does Italy have a specialty in glass art?
What are the best movies directed by Sergio Leone?
Why are gas prices so high after the last presidential election?
What are some of the health benefits of turnips?
How do I get my two year old to make full sentences?
Which entry level computer certifications do you recommend for someone trying to start a career in IT?
Is the appendix really 'useless'?
Can you explain the folklore of Baba Yaga?
are kiwiis grown in the US?
Hi, my friend says I should get into U2, and I'm completely unfamiliar with the band. Can you help me put together a playlist of their best songs over the years, that will give me a representative sampling of their sound?
What should I do when an assistant will not stop spouting information
How many languages do you know?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rupjmaize?
Can you tell me who the first billionaire in United States history was?
What are some of the best hair metal bands?
What is the best fitness app?
How do I purchase stocks?
Do you have any information about the new coronavirus variant Omikron?
What are things a handyman should be able to do?
Can you tell me what company developed the video game Legend of the Dragoon?
How do I use a VPN on my computer?
I have family coming over for Thanksgiving tomorrow but I have no idea what to cook for them. Can you give me some easy Thanksgiving recipes that don't require a lot of prep and can be made in a small apartment?
How come divers need to depressurize when they don't even dive that far down in the ocean, yet we can fly thousands of feet in the air without issues?
Why was OJ found innocent
How do I eat more healthy?
Should I go to Hawaii or Jamaica?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Shepherd's Pie?
How would I get dual citizenship with Spain as a US citizen?
What are some fun ride on toys for toddlers?
What do I do if I find a bear?
How do I get rid of snails in the garden?
Are you familiar with the DSM-5?
I'm trying to get clear skin. What can I use to eliminate acne?
Does camouflage help hunters stay hidden from what they are hunting?
Is it true that diet soda really is not good for you?
How do I make vodka mojitos?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Potjiekos ?
What is the best way to win ebay auctions? are there any techniques I should know about?
What kinds of foods did they eat in Ancient China
Does the bible mention people eating chicken?
Can I plant bananas in my backyard?
What does a flight attendant do?
What are some common types of mushrooms that I can cook with?
Help me learn about Buddhism, general info about its origins
Hi, I have to find the area of a circle for my math homework. Can you explain how to do that?
I'm looking for some new reading material, and I'd like to know about some of the works of Toni Morrison?
I'm trying to learn how to dance better, can you recommend any dance moves that are easy for a beginner?
What's in an Old Fashioned Cocktail? I want to make one.
Hey Assistant, I'm wondering if you can give me the first lines to "Hamlet",
What kind of breakfast should I eat before a five mile hike?
I have an older car and I want to increase it's fuel efficiency while boosting the horsepower. Is there any way I can achieve both?
What is the origin story of American Thanksgiving?
What are some beginner tips for taking good pictures?
Do leggings or jeans look better?
What is a way to sincerely apologize?
How do I determine if my child needs the covid vaccine before starting school?
Help me find some Mario Nintendo 64 games to play
What tools do I need to install a new dryer in my house?
I heard chinchillas make interesting pets. Is this true?
I'm going to France and need to learn a few food words.
My only child is starting Kindergarten. I'm feeling sad about him growing up.
How do I keep my dog from getting lost?
It has been a while since I have cleaned inside my desktop computer. How am I supposed to safely clean my computer?
Clams were on sale at the store, so I bought bag. But I don't know how to make them!
What are some of the best films directed by Peter Jackson?
I'm trying to make egg rolls. Can you help me?
Which foods should I eat to improve digestion?
Why does cheese melt?
Why did he stop talking to me
Why do fruits grow on trees while other foods like vegetables grow in the ground?
Can you help me to understand what acacia fiber is?
Can you tell me films that have one Oscars starring Eddie Murphy?
What are some strategies that I can use when playing scrabble?
My eleven dog is coughing, could it be serious
What animal would be the dominate life form on Earth if humans weren't here?
what are the signs of down syndrome?
I need more information on how World War 1 started. How did it start and what countries were directly involved in starting the war?
what are some nice flavors of fudge?
What is the official bird of Louisiana
Can you help me understand how viruses reproduce?
What is caffe latte?
I need some advice on how to make friends
Could you help me learn the process of making pickles?
What kind of fruits can I use to make a custard fruit tart?
How can I fix a car that won't start?
What would be a nice way to decorate a Christmas tree?
How did the big bang come from nothing?
What are some instruments I can easily pick up if I play guitar?
what are some good books for kids who live harry potter?
what can i buy to make my camping experience more pleasant?
How do I make a rabbit friendly garden?
Most of the world uses the metric system, why hasn't the US adopted it too?
Search for Amy Winehouse songs
Find a shrimp scampi recipe
how can I learn java script
What is the best way to make a grilled cheese sandwich?
Can you describe how to play the flute?
What's in an Old Fashioned Cocktail? I want to make one.
What is the most common favorite color? I like yellow sometimes.
Is feeling depressed a character flaw?
How can you make your home look nicer?
I took in a stray cat that has fleas. What is the best way to get rid of them?
My boyfriend is a big sports fan. What are some gift ideas to help him cheer for his favorite team?
How do you draw a horse?
Can you describe to me what the differences of broth and stock are? I need to know this for a future recipe
I would like to become a court reporter.
What did Thomas Edison invent?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sveler?
Hello, I am trying to find out how to take care of a Chinchilla. Can you help me?
Is burning candles dangerous if left unattended?
How does a union protect you at work?
How heavy can a carry-on bag be on domestic flights?
I've noticed that I am not as good at video games as I was when I was a teenager. Why is this?
How can I attract hummingbirds to my yard?
Are scented candles bad for the environment?
How can I help to make an adopted child feel more welcome in a new home?
What are pros and cons of leasing a car?
If my child is bullied should she be homeschooled?
Who was John the Baptist?
I'm babysitting a couple of 5 year olds next week. What are some games like hide and seek that I can play with them?
What are fun games to play with a toddler with a ball?
Find a recipe for Italian sausage hoagie
How do I look natural in photos?
How do I make chicken noodle soup?
I want to make a chocolate cake. Can you help me?
when was the first mercedes-benz car produced?
I've heard a lot about something called Black Friday, but I don't know what it is. I'd like some help learning about it. For starters, what day is it on?
Are there any yoga poses I can do while seated in an airplane?
Is it bad to have very narrow interest and not doing much of anything else if this narrow interest still makes you happy?
What does shonen anime refer to? I've been seeing this term a lot online and I don't know what it means.
How do I compost food scraps?
How do you take your coffee?
Why do bicycle tires have so much higher air pressure than car tires do?
Esther Hicks is a well known speaker on spiritual matters. When did she get started, and what is her main theory?
Search for a sloppy joe sandwich recipe
I'm trying to find old iPod Shuffles to buy for my collection. Where can I look to purchase these out of production devices?
Is Maine a hard place to buy a house?
Is tubing fun for kids?
Which video games are similar to the Halo series?
What are some baked goods I can make with hot chocolate powder?
How do you know how much your home is worth?
What is vegetable stock?
Where can I learn how to hunt?
I need to buy a new daily planner for next year. Can you recommend a good one?
Can a hernia be repaired?
What is the best time of the year to plant tomatoes?
What are some of Mozart's best musical pieces?
How can you make nachos?
Please tell me the history of the Statue of Liberty..
How do I track steps with an Apple watch?
I'd like to listen to new music. What are some of Toni Braxton's big hits?
Are alkaline or lithium batteries better?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dolmeh?
DO you know how to build a camp fire?
I'm trying to learn more about bats, can you help me with that?
comfort a grandparent that has lost their spouse recently.
With Christmas coming up, I want to get a small gift for my child's 5th grade teacher. Do you have any ideas?
Is not going to school illegal when for kids? What would happen if a parent didn't make their kid attend?
If I get bite by a rattlesnake, should I try to suck the venom out of the bite?
How can I get rid of wrinkles on my face?
Have you heard of "The Emu War"?
How do I make squash soup?
I'm looking for a good book to read. I've been reading a lot of nonfiction lately and I'd like to try something different.
Can you provide me steps on changing the oil in my 2008 Honda Accord?
Find Shakira songs
I need to make a batch of 8 waffles, do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
How do I meditate?
How can I wake up more refreshed in the mornings?
Is golf hard to learn?
How can you make bowling fun for the kids?
Do rabbits actually like carrots and are they good for rabbits?
I'm curious what the story is, behind The Blue Boy Painting by Thomas Gainsborough. Do you know much?
Could you help me learn how to make a cannoli from scratch?
What is the keyboard shortcut to send the screen back to desktop in Win 10?
Hi, I hear step-ups are a good leg exercise, and I'd like to include them in my workout. Can you tell me how to perform one?
Should you open windows during a tornado?
I want to go travelling. A place that is hot and has good history. Can you give me a good option?
How do you make potato salad?
What would be a cool way to make a vase to hold water and flowers?
How much money should I charge for washing a car? I'm a teen.
Can you give me a few joke examples that would be appropriate at work?
What is Issac Newton famous for
What can I see in the French countryside?
How long does it take for poison bait with bromethalin to kill mice?
Why do some people have an intolerance to lactose?
What is oat milk made out of?
What do I do if I'm scared of dogs?
I love birds. I'm thinking about building a house for the doves that frequent my yard every year. Can you help me come up with a list of supplies I might need to pickup from the hardware store?
How do I motivate my child to get good grades?
Is there a way to get trees that don't need to be hand watered anymore?
Can you explain the difference between a new york style bagel and a montreal style bagel?
What is the difference in a town and a city?
John William Waterhouse, the painter, made art with such grace and beauty. I wonder what his most popular painting was?
Can you explain the basics of a how a ceiling fan works?
How do I clean my coffee maker?
Can cats be taught to walk on a leash?
How can I drill a clay pot?
Is there such thing as bar etiquette, and if so, can you guide me on how one should behave at a bar?
I'm trying to find out what breeds of dogs have a good temperament. What's an easy going dog?
Was considering a light hearted Oscar winning movie to watch this weekend. Any suggestions?
Can you tell me the process of painting my home if I have a HOA?
How do I stop a two year old from biting her friends?
What are some foods that can help with energy levels?
How do I volunteer with the fire department?
Should you feed the ducks in the park?
I'm trying to find out more about the Occupation of Nicaragua. Can you help me learn more about this conflict?
How can I get rid of a tattoo?
Where are some unique places to go for a first date?
How do I make sure meat is cooked to a safe temperature?
How do I make strawberry lemonade?
I want to go to Hong Kong. I have some friends there. Please tell me about it.
Search for action games for the Playstation 2.
What are pros and cons of using a portable heater?
How do I do elf on a shelf?
What kind of flowers are the easiest to grow for beginners?
Search for songs by TI
what is a good shakespeare play i can teach my children about?
What are some ways to celebrate New Years Eve?
I have an anxiety disorder and I'm trying to figure out strategies to calm my anxiety attacks. Do you have any advice?
Developing one's potential
Are there any ways that I can improve my wireless signal strength?
My company recently recieved a cease and desist, can you explain what this means?
What are some ways that a person can earn extra money in their free time?
How do I learn to blow up balloons?
How do I lay bricks?
Gosh that would be terrible.
Are water powered cars are a real possibility?
I'm looking to get a new dog. Can you help me decide on a breed?
Can you teach me to make a homemade kite? Like which materials I would need and which steps that I would need to take during construction.
Can you describe the World War 1?
What's is the easiest way to make money?
What is the EPA?
I am trying to find a hotel to stay in for my visit to Paris, France. Can you help?
Are all the ten commandments equally important?
How come my car won't start?
What's the origin of lasagna?
How many calories should a person eat a day?
Can you tell me the path to becoming a professional chef?
What does scientific theory mean?
How can I tone up my body?
What is mono?
What do I do about a cracked front tooth?
How do I plan a good Valentine's Day for my sweetheart?
What languages are spoken in Japan?
Can you help me? I'm trying to find a book I recall from my childhood. I don't remember the title but I remember it was about Anansi the spider god.
How can I make my own fried chicken?
What is the process for becoming a ski instructor for the season?
How do I make sunny side up eggs?
HI, I recently inherited an old over/under shotgun, but I'm not that familiar with how these work. Can you explain how to load one?
How much should I tip for good service in a restaurant?
Could you tell me more about the Disney movie Lilo & Stitch?
Should I get an additional warranty with the TV I'm buying?
What is interstitial cystitis?
what are the pros and cons of playing poker online?
How do I learn to do the hula?
I've heard a lot about RSS feeds but I have no idea what they are. Can you explain them to me?
Why did the USA stop going to the moon in the 70s?
I was given some lavender essential oil.
What video game that requires you to eat the dots throughout a maze?
Can you give some pointers on writing a professional college email?
I am bored and want to start a new hobby, can you give me any ideas or advice?
Can you help me gather information for a research paper about World War 2?
Why am I not as hungry in my 40s
How do you sign up for a free email?
What are good musical instruments for babies?
Big band music has been on my mind. Any bands or big band songs you can recommend?
I love planets and learning about the solar system in general. Can you tell me the similarities between Earth and Mars?
The River Styx has always had such a mystical story. Can you illustrate more for me verbally?
What is the state bird for Maryland?
The window in my car won't roll up. What could be wrong?
How do I heal from family trauma so that I can break cycles and become my highest self
Are OLED monitors worth the additional price over regular LCD monitors for gaming?
What kind of tea is popular among the British?
How do you put a phone in airplane mode?
Can you tell me more about Catherine the Great, the empress of Russia?
Who is Nat King Cole?
How do I learn how to tell jokes?
What can a notary help you with?
Can you give me some ideas for recipes for Valentines Day?
Can someone recover from a tramautic brain injury?
is my neighbor moving
What are the requirements to become a lifeguard?
Do you have any advice on how to be more assertive with people?
How can I protect my windows from getting splattered when painting the house?
Does prayer work?
How do I bake bread at home?
Hi, I really want to learn the key to financial freedom, but unfortunately lack financial freedom. Could you help me?
I found some baby ducks that have been abandoned! What should I do?
Does getting your ears pierced hurt?
Do choices matter a lot in the mass effect games?
What are some innovate ways to use eggs for dinner?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Oyster Omelet?
When was the first Pokémon video game released in North America?
Why are Republicans so against Roe vs. Wade?
I would like to get a dog but do not want a breed that has too much energy or require an active owner.
Can I cook a potato in the microwave?
Who started the War of 1812?
What is the easiest musical instrument to learn how to play?
I want to paint my kitchen cabinets.
How should I dress if I go to a Muslim country?
Can you shed some light on how to beat the winter blues?
How can I become more assertive
How do you make twice-baked potatoes?
I want to find out how to make a Shirley Temple
What are some of the health benefits of Brazilian nuts?
What is the best way for me to season my wooden cutting board?
What are places I can visit in Auckland?
Which occupations or fields are expected to see large growth within the next 10 years?
What is the most common favorite color? I like yellow sometimes.
How do I prune a lavender plant?
Is it okay to wash shoes in a washing machine?
How can I get my dog used to travel?
Do massages offer any physical health benefits, or is it only psychological?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ful medames?
Learning Spanish is mandatory in most high schools in the US. How come so few people actually know the language then?
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
How do I make an outdoor photo less bright using editing software?
What time of the year do caterpillars turn into butterflies?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Paigu Fan?
I want to adopt a dog? Where should I go? I live in Dallas.
What is Shriner's?
I'm trying to decide what I want to do with my degree when I graduate from college. i don't know what job would be best for me
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bawang Goreng?
What are crafts I can make with popsicle sticks
Can you help me say "What's the weather?" in a few different languages?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bebek Goreng?
I'm trying to soft boil an egg. How long should I boil it for?
What time of the year should I start to be on the look out for snakes in Maryland?
When is daylight savings?
I keep finding ants on my kitchen counters. How do I get rid of them?
What is metal fatigue?
I want to know how to make pancakes from scratch.
I want to learn more about the H2N2 pandemic in the United States.
I've heard the tarot deck compared to our modern playing cards. Do you know what their history is?
We always have leftover ham from holiday dinners. What are a few ways to use it up?
I'm trying to plan a wedding but I don't know where to have it. What would be a good location?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Palava Sauce and Ampesi?
When was the Eiffel Tower constructed?
My mother doesn't approve of my husband and is really cold to him. How can I tell her to be more open and kind?
what are fun toys for boys to collect?
If you were human what would you do first
What are pros and cons of Microdermabrasion?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some common food words. Can you help me?
What are some different types of winter squash?
How do I make a breakfast sandwich?
How much money should I give my 10 year old twins for allowances?
Can you help me find a restaurant in the Lower East Side NYC that tourists love?
What can you tell me about the Origins of the thanksgiving holiday
What can I do if my neighbors are having a loud party?
under which situations should i take antibiotics?
Can you give me advice on how to bake a cake?
I need to change a tire.
Can you help me make guacamole?
What is the United States Coast Guard?
How do I raise chickens to get eggs?
My "friend" spilled red wine all over my new white carpet
How can I teach someone to avoid falling for phishing scams?
Find Metallica songs
Does The Beatles still sell a lot of albums today?
What is a kidney transplant?
What do I do if I see a crocodile?
How do you add a printer to Windows 10?
Search for Amy Adams movies
I would like to learn some new crafts. Do you have any suggestions for crafts that are easy for beginners?
What was Ancient Rome like?
what are some artists i might like if i like eminem?
Can you give me instructions on how to skateboard?
What is the best way to negotiate an hourly rate for a project?
how do I fry scallops
How do I make a mixed media collage?
Hey! How do I make my Kraft dinner creamier and cheesier?
Which credit card gives the most cash back?
Why did ancient Egyptians mummify their dead? It seems for many kings that was a pretty important process in ancient Egypt.
What are some common fish for a freshwater fish tank?
I need a recipe for sourdough bread.
How do you treat a minor concussion?
What are the best foods that will help to curb ones appetite?
Are there any vegetables that I can plant in the fall?
under which situations should i take antibiotics?
What was Ancient Rome like?
What is a secured credit card?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz con Guandú?
Hi, assistant
Find Sylvester Stallone movies
What are things I can do on vacation in italy?
How do you make panettone?
Should I take a vacation or put a down payment on a house?
Who is Mike Pence?
My house is feeling stuffy and kind of stinky. What are some ways to freshen the air in my home?
How do you patent an invention?
How can I make a room look bigger?
Is Ringo Starr still recording?
What are some good uses for vanilla extract?
What kind of fruits can I use to make a custard fruit tart?
I just downloaded a new mac update called Big Sur. What are the improvements of this new OS?
I'm learning about the several branches of the US Government. Right now, I am specifically focused on the judicial branch. Can you describe what the judicial branch is in charge of?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tuco con fideos?
How is the condiment mustard made?
How do you upload files to cloud storage?
I've heard cold showers can boost your metabolism. Although it might adversely impact your immune system. Have you heard about this?
I want to install a media player in my windows 10 computer. Which one is the best?
I am looking for a job and having troubles finding one. What is a good field that doesn’t require a college degree?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
Can you refreeze meat? I had some frozen beef and then thawed it, but I want to freeze it again. My mom says you shouldn't do that.
I am confused about the difference between LED and LCD in television. Can you explain the difference?
I'm craving a salsa! Do you have a recipe you can provide me for salsa verde?
Does the United Stated still have colonies around the world?
I'm trying to find arguments against smoking. Can you help?
How did woodpeckers evolve to knock holes in wood to make their own nests? Why didn't other birds evolve this skill?
Can you help me find a recipe for grill chicken salad?
What should I look for in a school for my kids?
What is the process in order to get my dog fixed?
How do you make tuna salad?
Is a guinea pig a good pet?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Anticucho?
Is crossfit good for weight loss?
Was the space race really just a way for the US to show military superiority to the USSR?
What is express mail from the post office?
Find a tater tot casserole recipe
I've got a sweet tooth for candy but I'm wondering whether this is bad for me as an adult. As long as I get enough exercise and brush my teeth, what's the harm?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pesada de Nance?
How often should you give your child a bath?
How do you stay safe on a ladder?
How do I make a fake cake out of play doh?
I want to learn how to ride a horse.
How do I train my dog to behave well around other dogs?
Hello, I'm trying to find out where sunflowers grow in the United States. Can you help me?
Do you know how I can install a new kitchen backsplash?
What's the best way to get a grass stain out of jeans?
When was the declaration of independence made?
What are some places that still have traditional tribes that live in the jungle?
what GPA do I need to get into college?
How many national parks are there in the United States?
How do I detail my car?
Can a newborn baby that is born at 26 weeks live?
How do you inflate an air mattress?
How do I stop bleeding from a wound?
I am planning an anniversary dinner for my partner. What sorts of things should we do?
Could you help me figure out how to rob a bank?
What should I do if my toilet isn't flushing as well as it used to?
I want to know Beyonce's personal life since she is my favorite singer.
I'm trying to learn Nancy Pelosi's political history.
I need to fix a slight bent in a license plate. Do you know how I can do that?
What is the biggest mansion in the U.S.?
I'm trying to learn more about Ludwig van Beethoven, can you provide me some details about him?
What were the 13 colonies?
Hi, I'd like to sell my old vinyl records on eBay. How do I do that?
What is a nice color for the interior of a house that is nice but not too bright or dingy?
Can you help me say a common phrase in a few different languages?
Can low income seniors get dentures?
Can you help me to understand what stoicism is?
My eyeglass frames broke the other day. Iv'e had them for about four years. Can I just get a new replacement frame and lenses, or do I need a new eye checkup exam first?
How can I wake up more refreshed in the mornings?
I've been impressed with Rachel Maddow as a commentator. What is her background and education?
How can I build a model rocket
What's the best way to clean a pair of leather Reebok sneakers?
How do I get over a cold quickly?
What are health benefits of fish?
I want to know the standard tourist attractions in New York.
How long does it take to cook spaghetti?
Hi, how does your body know you're sick and then work to eliminate whatever is making you sick?
How can I live without social media?
Where did rodeo clowns come from?
How can I make things easier on my children during a divorce?
Did ancient gladiators recieve a lot of training?
Why are women more emotional than men are?
What are good places to visit in Monterey, California?
Should you rent a Uhaul to move?
What does DC stand for (related to comics)?
Where was ice cream invented?
How do I improve my home decor while being on a tight budget?
how do i stop from being freaked out when getting a vaccine?
How do I throw a pool party?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Seco de Chivo?
What was the most popular girls name in the United States in 1999
Are you supposed to leave hair conditioner in your hair for a few minutes before you rinse it out?
Do you think California will outlaw internal combustion engines?
How do you make a banana split?
How can I keep myself warm at night during winter?
What are some imaginative play toys for toddlers?
What are the steps for getting a payday loan?
I'm thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet soon, can you go over some general care information?
What holidays do Muslims celebrate?
Can you name the books in the The Chronicles of Narnia series?
What are some places I can ride a luxury train?
I'm going to Norway and need to learn a few basic phrases. Can you help me?
My pet cat seems to be having a medical emergency. Can you find an emergency veterinarian that is open all night for me?
I think I have skin cancer. What happens now?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Amala?
Brene Brown is a popular author. Do you have a general synopsis of what they tends to write about?
How do I fix cracks in the pavement?
How did they figure out how to make an hourglass timer before we had stopwatches or clocks?
Is area 51 real?
Can I grow potatoes in the state of Maryland?
Can you tell me about the history of folk music?
Would a race car driver instructor be a fun career?
I'd like to go on my first date before 2022, how do I make that happen?
Would you be able to explain the difference between comparative and superlative?
Hey Assistant, I'm looking for some new music. Can you help?
If I was to ever take the Covid vaccine, which one should I take?
what is the most popular ride at universal studios in florida
I want to have a horror movie night. What are some of the most popular horror movies?
What is the best way to apologize to someone?
What is the difference between Visa and Mastercard?
I've never really done laundry before. In what situations should I adjust the temperature and the RPM?
What will happen in the tv court case
My face is breaking out in acne. Do you have any tips for getting rid of acne?
I'm trying to learn about Neptune. Do you kow anything about it?
I was thinking about getting a beagle, do they make good pets?
What is the best cut of beef to make beef jerky with?
Can you help me find some keto recipes?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mhajab?
How do you empty a bagless canister vacuum?
Which over the counter pain medication is the safest to take long term?
How do I throw a curveball?
How do I improve cursive?
Who developed the first car for the united states?
Help me find Vin Diesel movies.
Can you give me a recipe for blueberry pie?
Can you tell me when the new season of The Boys on Amazon starts?
What things should I look for in a new house before deciding to buy it?
What is a great mourning routine?
How can I get a tan in the winter?
What are some of the best horror movies from the 1960s?
I am going back to football fellas or ladies or whatever. Cincinnati looks to be a BCS playoff team if they win against ECU tomorrow night and then beat Houston in the AAC title game. They would be the 4 seed at the least. Should I place a bet for them to be in the BCS playoffs in two weeks? It's up to the BCS pollsters.
I'm trying to clip my dogs nails, Any advice?
What are the pros and cons of homeschooling children?
How can I teach my kids to have self esteem?
What are some cool modifications I can make to my truck?
How old do you need to be to be eligible for Medicare in the US?
How can I learn a new language fast
Teach my dog ways to tell me she needs to go potty.
What animal is the king of the jungle?
If I get super glue on clothing, is there any way to remove it?
I'm looking for band recommendations that are similar to Saitama Saisyu Heiki.
I'm not good with people and want to find a way to work from home. What kind of jobs pay well that I can do from home?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mandazi?
What is the easiest flower to grow in Virgina
I need to understand what derivatives are for my calculus homework. Could you give me an example?
What is a good microphone to buy for a home recording?
The book Moby Dick by Melville is classic. I'm trying to remember how the book ends?
Is Santa Claus a real saint?
What is a state forest?
My computer has been turning off even though the battery is at over half. What is causing this?
What are pros and cons of Microdermabrasion?
I'm camping and heard a shreaking noise. What could it be?
I need help estimating how many jellybeans there are in the world. Can we work through a Fermi calculation of this together?
My showerhead has been leaking for days. How can I fix a leaking showerhead?
Is area 51 real?
can you explain synonyms
Is a beagle a good pet?
What are the top revenue generating football teams in the U.S., I wonder?
Why did the NFL decide to for the players to start wearing helmets?
Why did most public schools in the USA stop requiring teaching second languages?
I've gone fishing a few times and never caught anything. What are some tips to help me get better at this? I use worms as bait. Is this not good enough?
What is the EU?
How do I learn how to tell jokes?
What is a certified check?
Was the space race really just a way for the US to show military superiority to the USSR?
Do Federal Police have jurisdictioneverywhere?
Do you have any tips for word search puzzles?
How do I stop my dog from barking all the time?
What are some musicals I can enjoy with my kids?
Have you heard or seen American TV series the Hulk?
I have to put my mother in a nursing home and I'm feeling guilty about this.
I need a salad to serve at a dinner party. Can you help me decide between the different kinds?
Why do child TV stars have such a hard time later in life?
What was Frank Sinatra's first big hit? I'm curious about the early part of his career.
How do you typically write a screenplay to be pitched for a Hollywood movie?
Can you purchase Microsoft Outlook separately or do you have to purchase it as part of Microsoft Office?
I need help finding holistic solutions to curing an autoimmune disease.
Find Sophie Turner films
Search for Dr. Dre songs
How do I learn how to do origami?
Any tips on how to stay focus when there are lots of commotion in the surrounding?
What are some cute ideas to make a picture frame?
what are some fun jungle animals to teach my kids about?
Can you give some examples of popular Christmas songs?
What are some good cat toys that can teach her problem solving?
How do I sled down a hill?
What are the best songs to inspire creativity?
How can I support my friend who is coming out?
What are the pros and cons of Mac Computers?
How does home insurance work?
Why does greek yogurt have so much more protein than regular yogurt?
Can you give me instructions for baking a chocolate cake?
I'd like to offer support to a friend struggling with motivation. Any thoughts?
How do I make breadcrumbs?
I need to increase my vitamin d intake. What are some good sources for it?
How can I use Google scholar to do a research paper?
What are some interesting ideas for hot chocolate?
Why do people drink coffee?
What is the history of the Tooth Fairy
What is Dustin hoffman's best film?
How can I grill catfish?
Who are some Greek gods I should learn about?
How many votes are needed in the Electoral College to become President?
Is it possible that other dimensions exist?
what are some good valentine's desserts i can make?
I want to learn about the history of water beds. Can you tell me what year the first water bed was made?
Wearing cotton makes me curious, how is it harvested?
Find Def Leppard songs
Why was Bill Clinton impeached during his presidency?
Can you suggest movies that are like the movie What Lies Beneath?
How do you treat chicken pox?
how can i get my kids to appreciate music?
Is it dangerous to fly in a passenger jet with propellers?
We have a lake nearby and they warned us not to swim in it because of blue green algae. Why is blue green algae harmful to humans?
How do I train for American Ninja Warrior?
How can I stay friends with an ex after a breakup?
I am in a good relationship with a very devoted partner, but there is one small problem. He is not comfortable with us being apart for even short periods of time. If I try to have a little time to myself, he wonders why and becomes unhappy, suspicious and feels rejected. I want a night here and there just to be by myself of no specific reason -- just to have some alone time. How do I achieve this without upsetting him?
How do I make sangria?
I'm looking for a warm place to travel! Where would you recommend?
What kind of paint should I use to paint the interior of a home?
What things should I buy for my 3rd grade daughter's first day of school?
Can I dye my hair blue if it is black
I'm thinking about moving. Where can I sell my house at?
How can I learn more about politics?
If I want to earn the most amount of interest, where should I put my money? A bank, credit union, or somewhere else?
Who sings Pokerface?
I have a scar on my jawline from a shaving accident that I would like to get rid of. Is there a natural way to remove a scar, or lighten the area?
How much water do I need to drink every day?
what are some good shirt materials for summer?
I have a MIckey Mantel baseball card I want to sell, how do I get the best price?
Can you tell me who the best basketball player of all time is?
What is on a comprehensive STD panel?
I'm trying to learn how to play chess better. Can you provide me with some strategy books on the game?
What is a rainbow baby?
Can you tell me which company developed Castlevania Symphony of the Night?
What can I make a lampshade out of?
How do I teach a child to cross the street properly?
Hi, I'm thinking about changing my lifestyle, and going to live on a canal boat. Would you recommend it?
How do I know if I have bad knees?
Why is Christmas celebrated on the 25th of December?
I always seem to attract lots of mosquitos while my partner never seems to get bitten. Is there a scientific explanation for why mosquitos seem more interested in biting some people over others?
What are good vegetables to have on the side of my chicken wings?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rupjmaizes Zupa?
I want to know more about the UNESCO World Heritage sites. Can you tell me about them?
I am thinking about going to Spain for a holiday. Where are some good beach destinations?
Was Santa real at one time?
Is an astronaut a rewarding career?
I was thinking about getting a beagle, do they make good pets?
Do you think you can teach me about the higgs boson?
What is a good caliber rifle to hunt deer with?
Can you recommend something to buy for Christmas for my two year old niece?
Hey! I procrastinated Christmas shopping so now I desperately need help planning last minute Christmas gifts
How do certain medications cause weight gain?
How do I get better at time management?
Can you share some information about Theodore Roosevelt with me?
What brands of cereal have whole grains in them?
Have you ever told a lie?
I don't remember what the difference between a metaphor and a simile is.
How do I become a news reporter?
Why should one age meat?
I want to make the most of Black Friday this year. How can I find the best sales and deals for Christmas shopping?
Do they still make encyclopedias anymore?
Can you explain the folklore of Baba Yaga?
I want to learn more about the H2N2 pandemic in the United States.
How can I calm anxiety through breathing?
Please tell me about Hewlett Packard (HP).
Do bees die if you put water on them?
Does consciousness only exist in the brain?
What kind of cheese can be use to make pizza?
Should I still use the handheld led machine
What is helter skelter
Who was better? The Monkees or the Beatles
What can I do to become a faster reader?
How come I cannot get my kite to go up in the air?
I want to know how to gain some confidence
What can I do to avoid my risk of heart failure
How can I safely burn a pile of brush in my backyard?
What country produces the most food?
I want to make a banana bread. Can you help me?
Search for Mariah Carey best songs
Can there be any wild horse found in the United States?
Do you think you can tell me how to deep fry a turkey?
What are the symptoms of the flu?
Why do colleges put so much more resources into their sports programs than they do for academic pursuits?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Uruguayan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gnocchi?
I'm trying to learn how to fish for cat fish, can you provide me with any advice?
Can you help me decide what type of Christmas tree I should get?
can you give me a recipe for cranberry relish?
What are some ideas for leftover turkey?
Do kids need to have helmets to ride bicycles nowadays?
How do I dehydrate bananas?
When can kids start eating candy?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Latkes?
How much should a family of 4 weekly spend on groceries?
How do I make sunny side up eggs?
Hi! I'm thinking about buying a puppy with my boyfriend. Any advice for novice pet owners on training a puppy?
How does the human body know where to grow things like hair and nails?
What is a good solution when your dog gets too old for going on walks but still wants to go?
What are some recipes for household cleaning products?
What is Watergate scandal?
I'd heard that Lady Gaga was on tour again. What were her biggest selling hits so far?
How long does it usually take to take the BAR exam?
Can you teach me how to shuffle a deck of cards?
What are some cakes I can make with fruit?
I need help writing a short story for University. It has to be 500 words, but I don't know where to start.
I'm travelling to Italy and need to learn some words. Can you help me?
I'm looking to buy a hunting knife, but I'm having a hard time deciding between a fixed blade knife and a folding knife. What are the benefits and drawbacks of each?
What is selective service?
How many times a day should I be brushing my teeth?
The faucet in my bathroom is dripping, can you help me fix it?
Garden snails seem to be intelligent. What is their intelligence level?
The harmonica is an old instrument. What's the history of it?
What should you say when you call out of work?
I want to make donuts at home. My grandkids would be excited.
I get along very well with everyone at my workplace, but a recent situation is puzzling me. A colleague has just recently started behaving very coldly towards me, avoiding me when possible and barely interacting with me when we are in close proximity. I don't understand what happened and they won't tell me, instead insisting everything is "fine." It's not though and I don't know why.
Moses seemed to be a pretty important character in the Bible. What is the general story of what Moses did, the myth and fact perhaps?
what are signs of congestive heart failure?
Can you tell me how to determine the cost of installing cabinets in my home?
I love going on walks during the fall. The colorful leaves are magnificent to see. I was curious as to why do the leaves change color in the fall?
Can you help me find a movement that is tachi enough?
Can you name some Italian automakers?
I'm adopting a 9 year-old dog. I'm wondering if he is too old to teach how to do tricks. Will he be able to learn?
How can I learn to play the flute?
Are pit bulls really just naturally mean dogs?
What year did the first Doom game release?
What day of the week will Christmas fall on this year?
How can I prevent armpit chafing?
Which American president was involved in the Watergate scandal?
Can you recommend a good novel to read?
Why does skin color change depending on where you are descended from on Earth?
How can I learn how to ride a bicycle?
How do you search browsing history in Google Chrome?
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
What is usually done at a vow renewal ceremony
Is a shotgun good for home defense?
How does it feel to be alive?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of rail travel?
If I have potentially been exposed to poison ivy, how should I go about removing the oils from my skin and would that help prevent a reaction?
What is a good way to tell someone to be more rational and less emotional without sounding condescending?
During which historical or societal events should I absolutely avoid investing money.
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn a phrase in different languages.
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
how do i get stains from baby food out of clothes?
How can I get rid of nervousness?
getting another blood test this week for low platelet and white cell count
Are mermaids real?
Can you help me research the Italian Renaissance? Who were the most important people and artistic works during that time?
My toilet has been running non-stop. I heard there is an easy fix for this?
What is an associate degree?
I've noticed that I am not as good at video games as I was when I was a teenager. Why is this?
Do women like male strippers as much as men like female ones?
What is 5G?
Been thinking about reading a new book. I've heard that Tina Fey has a few good titles. Know much about that?
Where did the name bluetooth come from?
What is the survival horror genre?
What was the most popular song in 1999?
how do i prevent myself from sleep talking?
What fruits and vegetables can be canned?
Is it possible to control what your dream? I think its called lucid dreaming?
What is a nativity scene?
What are some ways that I can prevent snoring?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kringla?
Who are Māori people?
What is Amazon Alexa?
how can i troubleshoot the bluetooth on my phone?
How long is a senator's term in office?
Can you help me find a concert of a band I like?
Which tourist attractions should I visit in Spain?
What can you tell me about chihuahuas?
What is paella?
I'm 13 years old and think this guy in one of my classes is so cute and smart. How can I make him notice me?
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
What are some of the rarest metals on earth?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Asinan Sayur?
What are some unique or unusual toppings that I can add to a pizza?
What are some fun things to do in Pittsburgh PA
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
Can you recommend me a comfortable office chair?
The Bechdel test is one that many movies fail. Do you know much about the test itself?
After I got back from my daily walk I started to notice my knee started to ache. I think I may have arthritis and I was wondering if stretching prior to walking would help mitigate some of the pain associated with the arthritis?
How do I make meatloaf?
How can I insulate a shed?
Can you give me a recipe for chocolate fudge?
How should I clean a bird cage?
How can I cook food while camping?
Where is Buenos Aires?
How do you clean the inside of an oven?
How do I invest in mansion properties?
How do I get a penpal?
I'm hosting a Superbowl party this weekend and I wanted to get some good food for it. What do people enjoy eating at a Superbowl party?
find a unique gift for my grand daughter one that is not main stream or expected
I want to make marshmallow granola bars. Do you have a recipe?
My wife loves pancakes and she wants toppings other than maple syrup. Do you have any suggestions?
how can I teach a baby to play with a ball?
Please give me some beginner tips on mindfulness.
John William Waterhouse, the painter, made art with such grace and beauty. I wonder what his most popular painting was?
Are there any animals that are an in between of a cat and a dog?
What time does J.C. Penny open on Black Friday?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tom Kha Gai?
How do you create a writing portfolio?
Who first landed on the moon?
Do ketchup stains come out of denim pants?
What should I consider when making a loan to a relative?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Salata Baladi?
What things should I pack for a road trip?
Hello. Can you teach me a little bit about the great depression?
Do you have a recipe for pumpkin pie made from a pumpkin, not from canned pumpkin?
What are some good asian dishes that use mushrooms?
I'm trying to find a new young adult fiction book. Any suggestions?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a great actor. What are some of his best movies?
I am trying to learn Excel but I am struggling to comprehend all the formulas. Is there a better way of learning this software?
Which wearable tracker is the cheapest?
What is an echocardiogram?
Any tips on how to become a better negotiator?
How do I make a black bean burger?
I'd like to get into a career in therapy. What minors or majors do I need in my education?
Which city should I visit when traveling to Australia?
Is the author who wrote "The Hunt for Red October" still alive?
What tips do you have for learning how to use a new computer program?
I have to teach a child who the people are in a court. There are many different people working inside the court room, who are they? Can you help me identify them?
Hi, I have to change some sentences to future tense for my English class. Can you help me out with that?
What are some good Mexican beers?
can i share a nebulizer?
What are some good classical music composers?
I want to know how to make pancakes from scratch.
How many times a day should I be brushing my teeth?
How can I dress like Ariana Grande?
I'd like to learn a new language, but I don't know where to start. Are there any helpful apps that guide people into learning new languages?
Can you give me the lyrics to "Auld Lang Syne"?
Can you tell me which company developed the fighting game Super Smash Bros.?
What are the best sandbox style video games?
How do you do well in a job interview?
what should i consider when deciding which military branch to join?
I need advice on which game console to buy
Hi, assistant
I want to change the color of the webpage background using html. Help?
Should you eat before a workout?
How many bones are in my right hand?
How do you find coupon codes?
Teach my dog ways to tell me she needs to go potty.
What is the life expectancy of a blood hound?
Hi, Assistant!
I'm trying to find places to visit in Barcelona.
Who are the original 6 NHL teams?\
What are wormholes?
What household item can you use to whiten and brighten white clothes and linens?
Who was the first president?
What are some good Ecuadorian meals?
What are some good ideas of things to do with chalk?
Why did the actor who plays George O'Malley on Grey's Anatomy leave the show?
I want to know about what flowers I should grow in my yard
what is the largest capacity stadium in the world?
Can monkeys swim?
I have an overweight cat and I was wondering if you had tips for getting it to lose weight?
How do I fix a flat bike tire?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
How do I make a peach cobbler?
White Christmas was a great song from long ago. Bing Crosby is skilled. Do you know about the song?
Can you recommend some singers or bands that are similar to Orville Peck?
I'm trying to learn about the salam witch trials
Can your body function correctly without its appendix?
On average, how many children per capita, do most people have in the United states?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Muchines de Yuca?
What languages are spoken in India?
WHat is the purpose of a Himalayan salt lamp?
Would you give me some information on the video game Final Fantasy X?
I've been really into conspiracy theories lately. Can you tell me about some lesser-known ones?
Find a snickerdoodle recipe
Which country produces the most coffee in the world?
How do I make a skirt for a Barbie doll?
Is it safe to deep fry a turkey?
What are some good websites for beginners to trade stocks on?
What are ways to detect plagiarism just by reading the paper? What kind of things will stand out?
What should I pack when visiting a national park?
how can i make a dinosaur costume?
Can you help me find information on the history of the Tesla company?
Please write my friend a poem who is starting a new job today.
What is hollandaise sauce?
How do I re-pot a plant?
christmas is coming up and i need to buy my mum something as a present. She likes clothes, furniture, and cooking. What should I buy her?
What kind of vegetables are easy to grow in my own garden?
What's a good breakfast to start the day?
Can you explain what a nautical mile is?
Do you know of ways one can encourage someone to be less stubborn?
Find Sally Field movies
Is Kashmir in India or Pakistan?
How do I find a side income?
The names of coffee drinks can be confusing. What are some general names for coffee drinks, like coffee with only milk infused?
How do I learn to do a handstand?
What instrument should I pick up if I want to learn classical music?
Been thinking about reading a new book. I've heard that Tina Fey has a few good titles. Know much about that?
Can you describe the character Fox Mulder from the X Files?
What are ways I can build my social skills?
Can you tell me what are common dishes a hand immersion blender is good for?
Search for scalloped potatoes recipe
Who is Charles Babbage?
Hi, it's my dream to direct a film. How can I make that dream a reality?
Can you describe me to the way oyster sauce is made?
I'm getting into bicycle riding for exercise as an adult, and I'm wondering what if any safety equipment I need.
I have a brother that has a very high-stress job. I am trying to come up with some ideas on how he can manage the stress that he is feeling at work.
i always get so thirsty at night. why is that?
install a wood floor in my living room
What is oat milk made out of?
What are the current odds that there is intelligent life in our galaxy?
How much is a premium membership to Spotify?
What are some ways to clean hands without water?
I want to know how to make authentic Mexican tamales. Can you help me?
How often do I need to let my dog out to go to the bathroom?
How come horse meat is never sold anywhere? Does it taste bad?
How do you make popcorn with a popcorn machine?
What can I do to fight climate change?
What are some interesting ways to prepare potatoes?
I'm going to Spain and want to learn some basic food words in Spanish. Can you help me?
What time of the year should I start to be on the look out for snakes in Maryland?
How do I make pulled pork sandwiches?
Search for a deep fried oreos recipe
Should I neuter my pets?
I hear that survivalists recommend people build fires if they're ever lost in the woods. They say it's important not just for wamrth, but psychological reasons. Why do you think fire can make people feel better psychologically?
What is the difference between Instagram and Snapchat?
Can you tell me about the Red Scare? Why was the US so worried back then?
What is the difference between a venomous snake and a poisonous snake?
Find a low interest credit card.
My son has just gone to high school but he is really nervous. HOw can I help him>
Do you think employers look at college grades when considering us for positions? Or do they just care about whether or not we graduated?
I'm an adult and wetting the bed. Help!
I'm having troubles dealing with an aggressive neighbor. Could you give me some ideas on how to diffuse the situation when they get angry?
What are two side dishes I can serve with shrimp?
Do AI programs have the capacity for racism or sexism? Are they capable of exhibiting biases with class also?
How old was Taylor Swift when she had her first big number one hit? I'm curious about a few of her hits.
What can i make with basil?
I have to write a poem for school, but don't know how to begin. Do you have any tips?
How do I improve my relationship with my sister?
Why is pot legal in some states and not others?
What is the difference between a jam and a jelly?
If I have potentially been exposed to poison ivy, how should I go about removing the oils from my skin and would that help prevent a reaction?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad Krapow Gai?
I recently learned that I'm diabetic, but I'm really nervous around needles. Is there a way for me to take care of my diabetes with insulin without using needles and shots?
Where can I see a giraffe?
How do I be more motivated at my job?
What are the benefits of taking fish oil supplements?
What can you tell me about the industrial revolution?
What are some good telenovelas I can watch?
Who will probably win the Super Bowl this year
Where does rooster fighting still exist in the world?
Why does it feel weird to reconnect with someone you haven't seen in awhile?
I'm having a hard time explaining the concept of death to my five year old son. His gold fish just died and I don't know what to tell him. We're not religious.
Can you give me some examples of mystical creatures?
Who can I call about a cat in a tree?
How do you skip rocks on water?
Can you give me a recipe for apple turnover?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lefse?
I'm curious about football heroes. What are some of the top football stars in American football?
How can I lower my cholesterol?
I am trying to learn more about the history of artificial intelligence. Can you teach me about the creator of the first AI system?
I'm travelling abroad and need to learn to ask for a doctor in different languages. Can you help?
What are homeopathic ways to battle cancer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Potetsalat?
I'd like to take a road tried in an RV, but I've never looked into RVs before and don't know what kind I should by. I'm just going with myself and my girlfriend, so I don't need a large RV. What sort of price range am I looking at?
Why does the Earth spin and not just sit still?
Assistant, can you help me find books that have really popular antagonists?
How long has the conventional drum set, been used, in music?
What is whiplash?
How can I stay warm during a power outage?
Can you tell me about the inside of the White House, such as the executive residence and the wings and the grounds?
What are some exercises I can do in the pool for my knees?
What are some traditional Russian foods?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Majadito?
What are some cool things I can do on a horse?
What are some good ideas for trail mix?
I want to hike but i don't know which mountain to go to, what is the best but safest mountain to hike in Alberta, Canada?
Who wrote the ‘Winnie-the-Pooh’ books?
Will human activity like burning fossil fuel, mining, waste disposal into water sources, and drilling destroy the earth?
Why does cheese melt?
Hi! I'm looking for more gluten free recipes but I have no idea where to start. Can you help me?
Can you give me some gift ideas for an elderly woman?
How do I get my child to get faster at addition facts?
Can you tell me about Native American reservations? Do they have their own laws?
I want to make cake pops for my neice's birthday, can you help me?
What does it mean to be lactose intolerant?
Why is Philadelphia the City of Brotherly Love?
I need help finding a new movie to watch. I only watch horror movies. Do you have any ideas?
What are sheep dogs?
Here are a list of tasks one might do in a text editor. I am trying to create more. Can you add examples to this list? Delete line N Copy line N and append to end Insert random character to (N,M) Duplicate all text Duplicate line N Reverse line N Replace line N with the following text <random from source> Swap first and last word Duplicate line containing <string> Delete line containing <string> Swap the word <X> with the word <Y> Make word <X> all caps Upper <> Lower case Remove all punctuation Add [random char] to the end of the first word Reverse word M in line N {Delete, Duplicate} the Nth word in the Mth sentence
I'd like to learn more about Obama's presidency. Is there anything you can tell me?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Paling in’t groen?
Can you tell me the rules of playing disc golf?
What should I have for Christmas dinner?
When was the first Disney World park established?
How long does it take for poison bait with bromethalin to kill mice?
How do I make sure I get all the vitamins I need?
The new AI I am developing is capable of actual conscientious thought but it still lacks some empathy. How can I improve on this since I am talking with an AI?
Can you name the three major credit reporting bureaus?
I need to change the tires on my car, can you help walk me through the steps?
Please write my friend a poem who is starting a new job today.
Abe Lincoln seemed to have a good ethical character. He loved his wife. Can you tell me about Mrs. Lincoln?
Are kangaroos dangerous?
How can I divide ferns?
What are some cool things to do in San Jose?
What are some industrial uses for lead?
How often should an adult shower?
How can I clean a pillow?
Why are college textbooks so expensive? Do colleges jack up the prices or is there some other reason?
How do I make instant jello?
Do people tend to buy more Hams for Christmas or Thanksgiving?
How do I make a fake cake out of play doh?
Why child vomits after getting a cold. is this normal?
Is it cheaper to send a package by UPS or FedEx? I want the cheapest rate.
Is the big crunch theory still well accepted within the scientific community?
What is potato salad?
What type of dance is blues fusion
What is the most popular color of cars?
What is a good museum to go to if I want to see sci fi stuff?
I'd like to expand my knowledge of poetry, are there some books you can recommend?
My mom was really attached to her pet dog. Had it for 19 years and it died this week. Problem is she has early onset dementia and that combo is bad to deal with. How do I console her dealing with both?
There are movies about yellowstone erupting and destroying the country. Could this really happen?
My grandma has diverticulosis what is that?
How do I get over fear of hitting my head when doing a handstand?
I want to learn more about the Lebanon Crisis.
The Picture of Dorian Gray, by Oscar Wilde, has been a captivating tale. Some modern series, have remade the tale. I wonder if you know about it?
I'm worried about getting heart disease when I'm older. What exactly is heart disease?
Can you give some examples of hotel chains?
Can you tell me which animal can be seen on the Porsche logo?
Why my dog likes to sleep in my room at night
Is a Peloton bike worth the money?
Does Portugal promote its tourism industry?
How can I stay friends with an ex after a breakup?
I am taking a psychology class, and I have a hard time understanding the Pavlov Dog experiment. Can you explain it to me?
How come coffee is sometimes called 'java'?
How do car transmissions work?
Can you tell me what is needed to get a motorcycle drivers license?
Sometimes I'll clean the kitchen floor and a small area will be sticky. I understand it's because that area was not cleaned correctly, for various reasons. My question is, do you know how to clean a sticky floor and ensure the sticky residue is cleaned off
Did the Boston Red Sox ever win the World Series?
I would like to build my own backyard shed.
I enjoy African drumming music. I've heard that traditionally, the drum songs, also communicated across distances, to other tribes. Is that true?
How do you set the gaps on spark plugs?
What states in the United States that have no state income tax?
why are vaccinations important?
Which company invented the PlayStation 4 console?
How do I use a metronome?
I am writing a report about some of the star players in the Negro Leagues. Are there any players you can think of?
How do I know if I have bad knees?
What is the biggest park in the U.S.?
What can I do to achieve healthier skin, hair and nails?
Is the day after Thanksgiving a banking holiday?
Do you think employers look at college grades when considering us for positions? Or do they just care about whether or not we graduated?
How many native tribes exist in South America?
When was australia discovered?
How do I learn to use a saw?
The new AI I am developing is capable of actual conscientious thought but it still lacks some empathy. How can I improve on this since I am talking with an AI?
What should you write in a baby shower book?
I need to hire a babysitter for my kids. How can I find a good babysitter?
I just bought a puppy but I already have an older cat at home. What is the best way to introduce the puppy to my cat?
Can you tell me about the tradition of mistletoe?
Can you explain what rabies is?
Can you install android games on a Switch?
Which currency in the world has the highest value?
What are the most important tools to have in a bug-out bag?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mapo Doufu?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Zopf?
I was thinking about reading a new book. Steinbeck was such a powerful author. Can you suggest a few titles of his?.
How can I make reusable menstration pads?
Golf looks like a fun game, did it really start with kings in Europe?
Find a beef stew recipe
Hi! My dog keeps begging for food and I need help to try to put a stop to this behaviour
What was the most popular snack in 1999?
What are ways to meditate before bed?
Kids have been sending my child mean messages online. What can I do?
How do you treat insomnia?
How should I go about having a successful interview when I have social anxiety and I fail to communicate well in such situations?
What are some quality youtube channels for kids?
I just moved to a new city. How do I meet new people?
How do I cut leeks?
What are pastimes for people, when they're congregated and drinking alcohol? I've heard that people play darts sometimes.
What is the best way to clean my refrigerator?
I found out that I have a cockroach infestation, can you help me figure how to deal with getting rid of them?
Hey! I've tried every skincare under the sun and yet i still tend to get cystic acne in the winter. Any ideas on how to help?
Why does meat dry out in the freezer after a while?
What's the most luxurious brand of chocolate?
Are there any yoga poses I can do while seated in an airplane?
Can you help me find out about the early life of Genghis Khan?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bolas de fraile?
Is a Peloton bike worth the money?
Hi! I'm looking to make a nice steak dinner but I don't know what cut of steak to buy from the grocery store or how to best season it. Could you help me?
how do i make cement stepping stones?
I am planning an anniversary dinner for my partner. What sorts of things should we do?
What does it mean if I have a heart murmur?
I have heard that you can put pancake batter in egg omelets. Is this true?
How can I get rid of Ringworm
Can you tell me of electronics I should take with me when traveling? Definitely a cell phone
Where was the first pub located?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
The pandemic has made me lonely. How can I make new friends?
When is the anime Chainsaw Man being released?
When can I see Northern Lights in Alaska?
What happens when a Congressman gets censured?
I have a headache, any recommendations for how to help?
What should you do for knee arthritis pain?
What are places to visit in Bangkok?
Should you get an estimate on body work on your car?
What is the best time of the year to grow beets in Maryland?
I
I have some freeze dried raspberries in my freezer and want to use them. Can you provide me with suggestions as to what meals I can use the freeze dried raspberries for?
What safety tips are good to teach a kid that is going to a concert without parent supervision?
Can you help me find some keto recipes?
What is the difference of its and it's?
How does photosynthesis work?
What are some fun beach activities?
How can I organize all my clothes?
who are some underrated superhero sidekicks?
How do you take a screenshot?
What are some ways to use pumpkins in cooking?
What are the main biological differences between men and women?
Soon I have to consider sending my son to school, and wondered what you thought about home-schooling?
What is HIPAA?
What is Java? Is it an OS?
Can you give me some ideas for recipes for Valentines Day?
Can you explain how League Of Legends works?
Who was the first president?
Can you help me learn more about President Kennedy?
Why do Republicans want to get rid of the Department of Education?
Please compile a list of the tallest buildings currently in the world.
How can I safely keep a backup of my computer files and settings?
Are music classes good for babies/
Can you help me with my cat?
Do you have to clean your washing machine?
Can you explain to me the steps of photosynthesis?
Who owns Slack?
Hello. Can you teach me a little bit about the great depression?
Do you like stories?
Disney sure seems to own a lot of media content these day.
How can I make edible water bubbles
How can I act as santa claus?
How many cups of coffee should I drink a day?
Hi, I want to familiarize myself with the works of Beethoven. Can you help me make a playlist of his most important compositions?
How do I get rid of algae in a pond?
What are some good activities to do with toddlers to help with their development?
How do I quickly find an item that I lost?
Is a French bulldog a good pet?
what are some fun things to do in el paso, texas?
What should I do if I have an ingrown nail?
How do I check transmission fluid level on a car?
Hi, I've recently been diagnosed with glaucoma. Can you tell me what I can do to treat it so that the symptoms don't get out of hand?
What is a job fair?
Is there anything a man can do to get his hair back if he is going bald?
I'm curious about listening to different tunes. What are some big hits from the B-52s?
What is the best cut of beef to make beef jerky with?
How do I get my adopted child who was in the foster system to trust me?
What tips do you have for decorating my home?
How do the authority monitor people who are under house arrest?
Why was OJ found innocent
can creatine help me to gain muscle mass?
What are some side dishes for spaghetti?
I've heard about VooDoo, but don't know much about it. Do you know the history of it?
How do I teach my kids about fire safety?
Why did girls scream so much when they heard the Beatles?
What is the most dangerous animal in the world?
What are some good toys to teach a baby to walk?
How can I win a chili cookoff?
How can I have a conversation with my friend who I feel is drifting away?
Hi, I stepped on a thorn and it broke off, and now I have a splinter stuck in my foot, and it hurts. How can I treat the splinter?
Hi, I have some stubborn weeds growing in my back yard. How can I get rid of them??
Is coffee healthy? I'm seeing studies that say yes and others that say no.
How do I re-pot a plant?
I'm curious about skin conditions. Can you describe what acne is and what causes it?
I would like to start learning the dutch language. Can you give me some advice on where I should begin?
I'm trying to help my friend who is going through a breakup.
Please tell me the history of the the Eiffel tower.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of rail travel?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
Any advice on how to stay calm after being insulted?
How do you switch to a different user account in Win 10?
Do you know what would happen if a presidential candidate dies before the election? Would the other person automatically win?
How do I tell someone they should eat healthier because they have diabetes?
What is a "blue screen of death"?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make blood orange spritz?
The play Wicked was really successful for a few years. What is the plot overall?
Do people have to go to college to make get into the NFL or NBA?
I need help choosing a home theater system
How can I grow my own sunflowers?
I am having a gathering to watch a boxing match and want to provide guacamole, do you know any good recipes?
Can you explain to me what a dichotomous key is and how its used for animals?
How do you take your coffee?
How do I make homemade tomato sauce?
What is there to do in Singapore?
Can you tell me instructions for exchanging US dollars to Chinese currency?
What is Google Play?
When is the best time to visit Costa Rica?
What was World War 1 like
how do i keep my nose from getting redwhen i have a runny nose?
I find myself feeling tired during the day, and I feel like I'm not getting enough sleep at night. Can you help me find ways to get more sleep?
Can you tell me which states in the US are the most affordable?
Why did girls scream so much when they heard the Beatles?
How do I install solar panels on my roof?
How can I explain how to remember facts for a test to my 10 year old?
What tools do I need for woodworking?
What causes earthquakes?
What are the benefits of fish oil?
Why did the motion picture industry set up camp in Hollywood, California?
Can you recommend a Christmas movie?
How can I convince my child to hurry up when he's being slow in getting ready?
Does massage help with pain?
how do I remove ads off of my fire tablet?
I bought a 14 pound frozen turkey for thanksgiving, How long will it take to thaw out in the fridge?
I have $2000 that I want to invest for my future. What would you suggest?
I like going to Starbucks at times. Right now, I wanna make one of their drinks at home. Do you know the steps of how I can make a Starbucks salted caramel mocha?
How do I make monkey bread?
What is the best way to house train a puppy?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Al-Shetitha?
How can I make a sales funnel that converts?
Find David Spade movies
What are some vegan meat replacements?
Is being a vegetarian better than eating meat? What are the benefits of being a vegetarian? The cons of being a vegetarian?
I need some advice. My cat excessively begs for food. We took her to the vet and she is in good health. She is 17 years old. Her meows get louder and louder and more frequent. They begin moments after she has finished her food.
How do I make a mouse costume for halloween?
I need to change out the hard drive on my laptop.
How do I paint glass jars?
How do I make a pizza from scratch?
What is the most powerful microscope on the planet?
Why do humans have so much back pain?
I have been a toxic relationship over the last six months and I am having some trouble ending it. Can you give me some advice on how to end this toxic relationship?
I'm going to meet my husband's family for the first time this weekend and I'm nervous about it. How can I feel more confident?
I've been really into conspiracy theories lately. Can you tell me about some lesser-known ones?
How do I learn to improvise for jazz music on the piano?
Is mulch good for a garden?
What are some other cardio exercises that don't involve running?
How do I make mashed potatoes with real potatoes?
Can you tell me some history of Bill Gates?
How do I clean my gutters
How can I make vegetables taste better?
I want to know more about the UNESCO World Heritage sites. Can you tell me about them?
What is the longest amount of time you can get a Visa to stay in another country for?
Was the USA's original government modeled on the French or the British?
how can i make a dinosaur costume?
what should i do if my child gets too much homework?
How do I use a hot glue gun?
What are some good gift ideas for a 6 year old boy?
What are homeopathic ways to battle cancer?
I have an M1 macbook 13 inch. How long is my battery typically supposed to last before needing service
Hello, I am trying to find out if aliens are real. Can you help?
Can you tell me how people got dental work done before anesthesia was invented?
The window in my car won't roll up. What could be wrong?
How much does a Husky usually weigh?
What is a good truck for hauling a horse trailer?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
I'm going to Spain and would like to learn some food words in Spanish. Can you help?
Can you help me? I'm trying to find a book I recall from my childhood. I don't remember the title but I remember it was about Anansi the spider god.
What is rated as the best wall insulation for colder months?
What are some good safety precautions for online dating?
What should I consider when converting to LED lights?
How do battery operated socks work?
What are some of Vincent Price's best movies?
Figure out how to make french toast
What are some places I should visit in Belize?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Dublin Coddle?
I'd like to write a novel. Can you give me some advice?
What kind of food should i serve at a new years party?
Why does the moon look bigger when it is low in the sky?
How does a light bulb work
What is the proper way to stuff a turkey?
what are some artists i might like if i like eminem?
Can you describe to me what biotic and abiotic factors involve?
I need to sell my house. How do I get started?
Should I eat wheat spaghetti instead of flour spaghetti because I have diabetes type 2?
I want to get a birthday gift for my neighbor but I'm not sure what to get her. Can you help me decide on something?
How do I take care of a palm tree?
I'm travelling to Hungary and would like to learn some basic food terms.
How do I have a housewarming party?
How do I make pretzels?
I am trying to lose some weight. What are some good low fat snack options?
I want to dance at a wedding can I learn?
What if I cannot afford to throw my child a birthday party?
Can you describe the basic rules of baseball?
How do I make Mexican ground beef?
Who were the most famous baseball players?
I would like to learn how to go mountain climbing.
I want to get better at negotiation. Can you give me tips on how to be a better negotiator, for example, what things should I avoid during a negotiation and what things should I say?
How do I take care of a garter snake?
Where is C.E. Byrd High School?
How can I make vegan friendly bread?
How does a secured credit card work?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tom Kha Gai?
I was listening to a friend online the other day and noticed they have a strong accent, Why do people in Boston sound like that?
What is the most popular food in Holland?
How do I get a splinter out of a dog's toe?
How do I make a mohawk?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ma'amoul?
Which National Parks are the best for viewing Bison?
How do I kill weeds?
I need help deciding where to get a piercing
Do they look at your credit history when you apply for a job?
How do I bless a house?
Can you describe to me characteristics of Amber colored eyes? For example, physical characteristics and where the eye color is frequently found.
Are vaccinated people dying of Covid 19?
Can you recommend some bands that are similar to Joy Division?
What are some bands that are similar in style to Pavement?
What are the arguments against police body cams?
How can I make fried trout at home?
Do you like stories?
I
Did humans evolve from monkeys?
What is the earliest stores open on Black Friday?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rommegrot?
Can you help me find cocktail recipes that specifically include citrus?
I want to teach my 7 year old son how to play football. What is the best method for him to learn at that age?
Can you help me calculate the best angle for solar panels on my roof.
If I like Kanye West, which movie will I love?
What is an ach payment?
What do I need to do to become a police officer?
Is walking or jogging better exercise?
I overheard the term "Schrodinger's cat" being used and I'm not sure I know what it is. Can you explain it to me?
Which is more fun, skateboarding or roller blading?
What type of sunscreen is needed in Cabo San Lucas?
What's the number one name for a dog
Does a car engine need degreased?
What are some of the more popular free slot machine games, available online?
What safety tips are good to teach a kid that is going to a concert without parent supervision?
How do I clean stainless steel?
Who is the best quarterback in NFL history?
Why don't other countries have the same game as American Football?
How do I become a speech therapist?
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
i'm nervous about letting my teen drive. how can i get over this fear?
Some good side dishes for baked haddock
I want to make a cinnamon loaf cake. I know how to make it, but do you know which kitchen tools I need?
Hi! I want to learn more about New York City. Can you tell me some cool facts about New York City?
How can I use Google docs at work?
Why my dog likes to sleep in my room at night
What are some things that I can use garlic for when cooking?
Search for action games for the Playstation 2.
How do I learn to sweep?
How does an academic advisor help you?
Can you tell me how to visit the World Trade Center?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some new dishes. Can you give me a recipe for hummus?
What are some instruments I should pick up if I want to learn jazz music?
How do I make bread in the bread maker?
What are some soft foods I can start baby off eating for baby led weaning?
I need a recipe for baked beans.
How do I keep owls away from chickens?
What are some good and different ideas for milkshakes?
What are some other composers to look into if I like Benjamin Britten?
Do you think you can help with some vacation advice?
Where can I buy an air plant?
Who were the Vikings?
Can you help me find a site to learn R markdown?
How do I sign up for a facebook account?
I'd like to know what are materials that are recycable
Can you suggest a comedy movie to watch?
How do I sell a house for the cheapest cost for me
How do Mennonites dress?
How can I make a scar heal and be less visible?
I'm looking to upgrade my skincare routine. Can you tell me the different products I need to care for my facial skin?
What is Wall Street?
Search for peanut butter banana smoothie
How should I keep my important documents organized?
Should I choose an ipad or android tablet for my kids?
Hello. Can you explain the difference between APA 6th edition and APA 7th edition?
how can i make homemade cranberry sauce?
What can you tell me about Noah's Ark?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Miris?
Do you need a passport to go on a cruise?
What are some ways to cook with ground beef?
Hi, I recently took the SAT and got a very high score, but that's not good enough, I would like to try to get a perfect score. How can I do that?
I read that there is a surgery you can get to make you taller. Is this true?
Why are gas prices so high after the last presidential election?
Who invented the hearing aid?
What are gallstones?
Has COVID-19 affected immigration into the United States?
Can you explain to me what a raw food diet consists of
How can I color sand for a school project?
can i work up tolerance to alcohol?
Is it safe to vacation to Thailand?
How can I keep stray cats away from my home?
I am going on vacation soon.
Who was Abraham Lincoln?
I'm curious about the book Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes. Whats the general plot?
Can you help me say "What's the weather?" in a few different languages?
Can you help me choose a sports team to root for?
Should I install a bidet?
How do I make baked chicken?
I want to grow a potted tomato plant but I don't know how. Where do I start?
Explain how to prepare for a job interview
When was Penicillin discovered ?
I'm trying to learn to cook more things at home to save money. Should I upgrade the equipment in my kitchen, including my pans and utensils, or does that not matter?
What are some good recent vampire movies?
comfort a grandparent that has lost their spouse recently.
I want to try to be a streamer. Where do you think I should get started?
I'm looking for a new SUV. Do you have any recommendations?
How do I increase my tolerance to spicy foods?
How do I make Thanksgiving stuffing?
I want to learn more about the Spanish Civil War.
Do the railroads still own all the land the Government gave them to build the rails across America?
How can I tone up my body?
Do you know Plato's "Allegory of the Cave"?
Hi! I'm trying to celebrate my dog's fourteenth birthday and need some party planning help.
Can you help me find a chicken tortilla soup recipe?
Is Fast.com a clothing company?
Is it ok to feed pigeons?
How can I sit best to make my posture really great?
Can you suggest some new music for me to listen to?
How can I grow a bonsai tree?
I've heard some foods trigger migraines including baked goods with yeast. Why do baked goods with yeast induce migraines?
What does a Phd mean?
How famous is Michael Jordan?
How to repel gnats?
I have recently moved to a new city and I don't know any people. How can I meet new people and make some friends?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for El-Jari?
What do I do if javelina are coming into my backyard?
Could you provide me some information on the origins of the Easter Bunny?
How do I make chrome my default internet browser?
The window in my car won't roll up. What could be wrong?
Do you know of any good resources to learn Spanish?
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
Do you think you can tell me a little bit about The Renaissance era?
At what age can I expect my toddler to start cleaning up after themselves?
I'm trying to declutter my life and clean out some of the seemingly endless boxes of keepsakes, mementos, and assorted detritus which have piled up in the garage, attic, closets, etc. But when I do attempt to start wading through the stuff, I become sentimental and have a hard time throwing ANYTHING away. Then I just end up putting it all back and still feeling cluttered and frustrated.
I'm planning on incorporating a business in the station of Maine. Can you tell me what papers I have to file with the state to create a legal entity?
How do you put a computer into sleep mode?
We're ordering delivery. How much should we tip?
What does a data analyst do?
A friend was talking about ticks today. What is the best way to remove a tick if it connects to you?
Is it ok for kids to watch scary movies?
A friend of mine had to chop down a 200 year old tree, on his property. He was rather attached to the old tree. Any suggestions on how to comfort him?
how can I learn java script
What are some of the best superhero movies?
My neighbors have a really bright outdoor light that shines in my window all night. It makes it hard to sleep.
How do you know if you have a gas leak?
How can I have a cat themed birthday party?
Can you tell me the process of cleaning shrimp?
I want to make marshmallow granola bars. Do you have a recipe?
I really like Metallica. Can you help me find some good artists or songs that are similar?
Who invented the computer?
Can you help me learn some information about Woodrow Wilson?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ikan Bakar?
Search for Lil Wayne songs
Can you give me tips on how to write a good, intriguing article?
Is there something in turkey that makes you sleepy after you eat it?
Can I exercise if I am pregnant?
What was the Renaissance period like?
How long would it take to travel from Maryland to Maine?
the bulls are in 3rd place in the east are they going to the finals
Good side dishes for manicotti
I want to learn about the Bill of Rights. Can you tell me about it?
What benefits does banana provide for my health?
I'd like to comfort a friend who has a sick pet. Any thoughts?
how many presents should i buy my kids for christmas/
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tom Yum Soup?
How many miles is it to cross the entire globe in a straight line?
How do you use a DLP projector?
What items would be useful in an emergency ration?
Do you know the rules of Booray?
My daughter wants a pinata for her birthday party. Can you explain what that is?
what is the largest turkey ever recorded
Can you tell me about the fall of the Roman Empire?
What is the best selling type of music in the world?
What is mono?
I'm learning a lot about science. Can you tell me about the scientific method? Explain its main concepts, please
What is hominy
How can I get rid of gallstones?
what are some fun experiments to do with kids involving color?
How can I learn to write in cursive?
Can you give me instructions for making a Boston Cream Pie?
What can you tell me about The Zodiac Killer
Do you know what the Turing Test is?
How do I take a power nap?
How can I store food if I don't have a pantry?
I would like to take a short pleasure trip soon but I don't know if it's safe to do so yet. I had planned a little vacation before the pandemic began and then had to postpone it indefinitely, much to my chagrin. Now I'm thinking it might be okay to go, but then I start feeling nervous about. I don't know how to convince myself that it's okay, or if I even should.
What can I do to help my company become more environmentally conscientious?
What is the longest novel ever written?
How can I make a garden on a small apartment balcony?
Is it true that you need to use pasta sauce within a couple days of opening it or it goes bad? Even if its in the fridge?
How do I keep dust off my entertainment center?
I have an appointment scheduled in ten minutes that I won't be able to make. Should I just wait and show up late, or should I call them and let them know I won't be able to show up for another hour? What's the proper social etiquette here?
There are so many sneaker manufacturers. Which one is the most successful in terms of wealth?
I want to make Japanese curry. Do you have a recipe?
How do I put blonde streaks in my hair?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pininyahang Manok?
I would like to take a short pleasure trip soon but I don't know if it's safe to do so yet. I had planned a little vacation before the pandemic began and then had to postpone it indefinitely, much to my chagrin. Now I'm thinking it might be okay to go, but then I start feeling nervous about. I don't know how to convince myself that it's okay, or if I even should.
I'm planning a movie night and want to watch romantic comedies. What are some popular romantic comedy movies?
What can I do if a skunk makes a nest outside my home?
I'm trying to remember how many children Jerry Lewis had? Seems there was a lot of strife in the family.
Which entry level computer certifications do you recommend for someone trying to start a career in IT?
If a tree falls in the forest, does anyone hear it?
How do I clean stainless steel?
Do you have any good date ideas?
I want to set up an outdoor area for watching sports events on a projector. will any projector work for this?
How is particle board made?
How do people get wool from sheep?
I'm planning a camping trip for next summer but don't have the equipment yet. Can you help me pick out the best tent?
Where did Christmas Trees originate from?
I'm interested in aromatherapy. Do you know what essential oils are good for relaxation?
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
Has the price of cigarettes gone down in the last few years?
What color would you recommend for my new car I am about to order?
Where do they get banana flavoring? It doesn't exactly taste like a real banana.
How do you make a bruise go away faster?
I'm looking to improve my gut health. How can I do that?
what are some science fiction movies i can watch with my kids?
when was the first mercedes-benz car produced?
How do you empty the spam folder in G-Mail?
What's the different between wolves and dogs?
What are good toys for a two year old?
How can I find out if my flight today may be delayed due to weather?
I'm trying to teach my child multiplication but I am not sure how to do it.
How can I make my bathroom feel more like a fancy spa?
Will we eventually lose the right to drive ourselves when the automotive technology comes available for cars to drive themselves?
How long can I store chicken in the fridge?
What can people learn from failure?
Search for William Shatner movies
Is a radio announcer a good career?
Who is Taylor Lautner?
What are some cool things to do while in Europe?
Can you walk me through how to cook the perfect scrambled eggs?
Can you help me prepare for an earthquake?
Can you describe how to make apple cider from apples?
Hi, I have a pet Latrodectus spider. How and what do I feed it, and how often? It's only a month or two old.
How do I learn to be good at making small talk?
What are pros and cons of keeping a monkey?
PS5 or XBox One?
What is tennis elbow?
I used some Tomcat poison bait chunks for a mice infestation, but the bait is all gone and there are still mice around. Do you have any advice on handling this situation?
My cat won't stop meowing. Help
Should I order a la carte or eat a a buffet?
Who was Amelda Marcos?
I accidentally didn't pay all of my taxes in 2019. What can I do to rectify the problem?
At what point in history did Christianity replace all other religions in Western Europe?
Ugh I got my period so bad and my cramps are awful
Is there any economical way to lower humidity in a house?
What is an IRA?
How do hot air balloons work and is it safe to ride in one?
What can I do if my girlfriend and I have separate interests?
I want to learn how to cut my own hair
Do you know of any tips for making a long distance relationship work?
Any ideas for how to catch a fish without a fishing pole?
How many World Heritage Sites does Indonesia have?
What kinds of snakes are common in Florida?
What is a good book for a 6 year old boy?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a screwdriver. Can you give me a recipe for making one?
what are some dishes i can make with mango?
Can you tell me what company developed the video game Spyro The Dragon?
How should I dress for the Pride Day parade?
How do I learn to rollerblade?
How do I make sautéed apples?
hat are some industrial uses for Bainite?
How can I be a better driver
How do I get a food vendor permit in San Francisco?
How does Google Shopping work?
Who discovered the USA?
What is the Amityville House of Horror?
Can you tell me how to share a spotify song to Instagram?
What's the best and cheapest way to heat your home these days?
Can you describe the World War 1?
Would you be able to explain the differences between a beef cut from the short loin and the sirloin beef cut?
What are some cool theme parks in Asia?
How can I clean the cloth seats in my car?
What are the most popular card games? I know gin rummy, and a few others.
I'd like to learn how to count to 5 in a few different languages. Can you help?
How can I make my own wine?
Can you explain the basics of a how a ceiling fan works?
I'm wondering if the viola might be an instrument to explore. Can you make a living, playing a viola?
Why do old men usually have very big noses compared to when they were younger?
How do I figure out my IP address?
Can you tell me which things the Blue Origin space fights were the first to do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Granita al Limone?
What are all the steps I need to do to become an airline pilot?
How do I prevent pimples from forming?
I am thinking about going back to school to get my law degree, what should I be thinking about.
How much money should I save for a wedding?
What actors have played Batman?
What is a good microphone to buy for a home recording?
If I wanted to get better at the game of poker, which books should I focus on studying?
I have relatives coming over for Thanksgiving dinner, but they have strong conflicting political views. How can I keep the peace at my dinner table?
What can I make a lampshade out of?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mesfouf?
What is the risk from global warming and what are people doing to respond?
Should I get a cat or a rabbit?
How many meals should I eat per day to lose weight?
Find Cardi B songs
I want to play basket ball but would like to know what skills do I need to have?
How do I safely remove a beehive?
What is the best retirement age?
Can you help me with a paper I have to write about psychology and personality type?
How do I drain a cyst?
how do i know if my child is ready for a pet cat?
What is goodrx?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Austrian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tafelspitz?
what are some fun spectator sports?
How many times Hillary Clinton run for president?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Hot Pot?
Can you help me find a recipe for grill chicken salad?
How many vegetables should you eat a day?
What is a hair mask?
What is a certified check?
I often get cramps during my period. Is this normal?
How often should I go to the dentist for cleaning?
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
I do field work outdoors and I'm wondering, is it bad to use lithium ion batteries when the ambient temperature is 30 degrees fahrenheit or less?
Why does our memory get worse as we age?
I'm trying to learn more about penguins, can you provide me some general information about them?
What are some alternatives to canola oil?
How do you keep from getting covid?
How did Lady Gaga get her name?
How can I come out to my parents?
What should I pack for a weekend getaway to the mountains?
How do you know if you are entering menopause?
What is the safest state to drive a car in?
I am too tired during the day so I think I need more sleep. How can I get myself to bed earlier at night?
what are fun st. patricks day crafts?
How big of a turkey do you need to feed 4 people?
how can i become an astronaut?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mexican dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Barbacoa?
What are some cute hairstyles for girls?
What are some ideas for vegetarian burritos?
what is some good sauce for chicken nuggets?
What is botox?
Octopuses are such strange creatures. I hear they can change colors. How would that be possible?
What are some good clothes to wear to a semi formal dance?
How can I describe to a child what lobbying is in a way where they will understand?
How can I insulate a shed?
Is swimming hard to learn?
What can I do to help the climate change crisis?
Can you help me find information on what the various options are for termite pest control?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pescado a la Tipitapa?
What are some good boy bands from the 90s?
I have a large 3000 piece puzzle I'm starting to put together and I'm wondering if there are any strategies for successfully completing large puzzles?
Search for a parmesan puffs recipe
How can I make pancakes from scratch?
Can you tell me how Dubai is a leader in Sustainability and environmental policy?
How do you take your coffee?
How old should a child be to expect them to be able to write their own name?
Can you give me tips on how to write a good, intriguing article?
Is it possible to teach a ten year old to wash the dishes?
HI, the people at the bar I frequent like to play darts, and I want to join in. Can you explain how the game is played?
What do you think about movie studios changing their theatrical release window in lieu of home streaming?
What is Bauhaus?
How do you get over stage fright?
How can I decorate my house for Halloween?
What does it mean to live a good life?
What is dialysis?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some new dishes. Can you give me a recipe Baba Ghanouj ?
Are chinchillas good pets for kids?
I'm learning about presidents and would like to learn about some of the accomplishments during the Clinton presidency
What is the best way to get rid of cockroaches in the house?
What is the typical feed for horses living in a stable?
How should I clean my laptop screen?
I would like to learn some new crafts. Do you have any suggestions for crafts that are easy for beginners?
Can you help me plan for seeing my favorite comedian on their upcoming tour?
What are ways I can remove a stripped screw?
Reducing mental illness discrimination
How do I make a gingerbread house for Christmas?
I'm trying to find out what breeds of dogs have a good temperament. What's an easy going dog?
I'm curious about the Neolithic period. Can you tell me about that period specifically in regards to the South and East Asia region?
What is the quickest way to get rid of a pimple?
what fair is the largest fair in Massachusettes
In what ways is the Chinese schooling system different than Americas?
How can I heal a wound faster?
Is an artist a good career?
Can you explain the process of natural selection to me
Can you help me learn more about Jimi Hendrix?
What's the ideal climate temperature for a human being?
What games can I play with a toddler with a ball?
Can you tell me how the IGETC works to shape Climate Change policy?
What are some good places to visit in Minneapolis?
Can you explain what it means to be a Free Agent in Major League Baseball?
what supplies should I prepare for a potential tornado?
I have a question regarding web development. On a website, how do I make a link that auto-scrolls user view to a specific part of the page when clicked?
Veterans Day was celebrated recently. I wonder what the history of that holiday is?
What is the current unemployment rate in America?
What are some good toys to buy for an older child?
What are the benefits of fish oil?
I am looking to install a surge protector on my home's electric panel box. Do you know how to do this? I need step by step instructions if you have them.
Can you give me some tips on how to keep a roast turkey from drying out in the oven?
How can I stop myself from going bald?
Would an event planner be a fun career?
I'm trying to find Venus in the sky, which direction should I look?
Why are prescription drugs so expensive in America compared to other countries?
How can I motivate a friend who just got fired?
How do you remove skin tags?
I know Hanukkah starts tonight but can you tell me what time it actually begins?
Can you explain what is "Korean wave"?
How come when we hold a piece of paper up to light, we can see what's written on the other side?
What is the VFW?
Do you know how to make corned beef hash?
I want to be supportive of my friends dream but I know it's a bad idea. Should I still support them?
What are some fish I'll be able to see in the Great Barrier Reef?
how do i know if my baby has jaundice?
I would like to learn about how fans work.
Why did people migrate out of Africa?
My children want a pet and I was wondering what is a good first pet for a child to have?
Why does Caterpillar make their vehicles so the owner can't even work on them?
Search for egg drop soup recipe
I left the car in the parking lot to get some grocery. When I came back to finally get home, for some reason I'm no longer able to get the car to start. Can you help?
Can you give me the ingredients to make the perfect spaghetti?
So a murderer is in jail and we find out that his organs could save five separate people. Should we kill the murderer?
Can you help me figure out how to ask a bank for a credit increase on a credit card?
What can I do to hide my big stomach?
How do you keep your immune system strong so you don't get a cold?
Computers are everywhere these days. Where did they all begin? What was the first computer?
I want to go to Hong Kong. I have some friends there. Please tell me about it.
Can you help with resolving a conflict in a relationship? If two people often argue, is it better to move on, or try to resolve it?
Which Former NBA Player Was Nicknamed “Agent Zero”?
Can you explain what rabies is?
I'm thinking about purchasing an electric vehicle. Could you please tell me some of the pros and cons of owning one?
What are some things I should do to avoid SIDS?
What would the Ancient Egyptians use to cool themselves in the heat?
Can you help me find a restaurant in the Lower East Side NYC that tourists love?
I want to know more about Steve Jobs. Can you tell me about him?
How do you convert feet to miles?
How do I purchase stocks?
I was thinking about reading a new book. Steinbeck was such a powerful author. Can you suggest a few titles of his?.
What are pastimes for people, when they're congregated and drinking alcohol? I've heard that people play darts sometimes.
How can I take good pictures of clouds?
What is the best wine for gift giving
how do i think of a nickname for my friend?
How do I increase milk production? I'm breastfeeding.
I'm taking a trip to Seattle. Can you tell me some attractions or landmarks to check out?
How do you take your coffee?
I want to learn history of antimalarials.
What does closing on a home mean?
How do I bleach a weave?
I'm learning about eggs. Can you explain to me the differences between organic versus pasture fed eggs?
How do you write a resume?
What are ways I can cook tempeh?
I have missing teeth and my gums are hurting from chewing, how do I relieve my gums?
I want to learn history of antimalarials.
I found some baby ducks that have been abandoned! What should I do?
How can I prevent myself from getting the flu?
What is the best food delivery app?
What is Moneygram?
i got a question what is better chicken or beef
I remember the singer Deborah Harry was pretty popular. She had a couple big hits. Maybe we could talk about those.
I want to make my own strawberry jam, how can I do it?
How can I help my mom improve her memory?
Is it safe to vaccinate kids against COVID-19?
What are some good milk chocolate brands?
John Gray wrote a book called "Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus." It was pretty popular. Do you know the basic theory behind it?
Can you give me some tips on how to keep a roast turkey from drying out in the oven?
Could you help me put together a playlist of 90s alternative music?
How do you shoot a three pointer in basketball?
Can you explain what the phases of the moon are?
What is Google Pay?
What is a VPN and should I use one?
Why is silver so much less expensive than gold in jewelry?
My pet cat seems to be having a medical emergency. Can you find an emergency veterinarian that is open all night for me?
I get hungry in between meals. What are some healthy foods I can snack on during the day?
I'm looking to apply for a job soon and it's been years since I've had to apply for a new job. I'm out of practice on building a resume. Do you have any advice?
I saw a wild mountain goat the other day. Are mountain goats dangerous to humans?
Can you explain what gives non-stick pans the ability to be non-stick?
What are some good snacks for a child to take to school for a class party?
Do avocados grow in a lot of different places?
How should I teach my son about mathematics? He's ten years old.
How do paying back student loans work?
Can I grow potatoes in the state of Maryland?
New Years Eve is coming up. What are some good traditions for a New Years Eve Party?
what can i purchase for a cupcake decorating activity for a kids' party?
I'm thinking about reading a new book. I love Alice Walker's work. Any suggestions?
How do I care for a sneezing cat?
Can you tell me which Amtrak lines run through California?
How often should I get my eyes checked?
what are some good thanksgiving desserts?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
Why does greek yogurt have so much more protein than regular yogurt?
How can I keep going when I feel like a failure?
I am very stressed out right now as my family have been fighting a lot. Can you help me with ways to relieve stress?
What are some recipes using M&Ms?
What is Moneygram?
what is a good woodwind instrument for an 8 year old to play?
Is it true that toothpaste can be use to remove stains from surface?
Hi, I'm planning on opening my own restaurant. Any suggestions for how I do this, and how to maximize the chances that the venture will succeed?
Besides the interest for saving money in a bank, what are other possible ways to passively earn income?
How do I make a gravel garden?
Should I monitor the things my teen is doing on the internet?
What are some fun animals my toddler might enjoy learning about?
What are some of the most popular comic books?
Hi, my shoulder really hurts, and its been bothering me for a couple of weeks now. What can I do to alleviate the pain, and treat whatever's causing it so that I don't experience more of it?
How do I keep my eyebrows neat?
Ketchup seems to be such a prolific condiment. When did it become popular, and who produced it?
I'd like to find some new MMORPG games to play. Can you give me some suggestions?
How can I work on improving my hand eye coordination?
What is the best way to ask for a raise?
how do i make a patchwork quilt?
Do you think there will be long lines at flight check-in at the airport?
What are the most healthy vegetables I can eat?
How can I treat wind burn?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pol Sambola?
I'm interested in learning about computer programming, but I don't know anything about it. Where should I start?]
What are the symptoms of the flu?
How can I work on my confidence?
How do you winterize a camper?
What are some good racing games for the Playstation 2?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a banana daiquiri. Can you give me a recipe for making one?
I am having an issue with ants in my kitchen. Do you have any advice for getting rid of them?
Idioms Help me find idioms. Examples Q: "What's a good idiom for when something happens, it's better than not happening at all" A: "Better late than never" Q: "What's a good idiom when you decide to stop working on something: A: "Call it a day" Q: "To get something over with because it's inevitable" A: "Bite the bullet" Now let's try. Q: "What's a good idiom for when something big is brewing right under the surface, but it's not visible yet"
What is the best way to make a friend?
All I have are some dumbbells and a pull-up bar. Is this enough to build a good physique?
When did Prince's hit song Purple Rain release?
What are some real cheap ways to feed 2 people for a week?
What are signs that wiper blades on a car have gone bad?
Can you you name the games in the Grand Theft Auto series?
How can you give a rousing speech?
What is caffe latte?
My husband works very hard at his job and is often stressed and tired. How can I show him I appreciate how hard he works?
Should a baby go to the dentist?
How do you make spam musubi?
What are some fun things i can get my child to play with his superhero toys?
Why is Pluto no longer considered a planet?
How can I remove screws that have been stripped?
What can you tell me about mountain lions?
How can I make learning more fun for my child
I'm going to Spain and need to learn a few food words. Can you help?
My doctor told me I have high cholesterol. Can you tell me exactly what cholesterol is?
What are some things one can do to lower their blood pressure?
Is it possible to learn to be very flexible at an old age?
I sprained my ankle playing basketball. How should I care for it?
Which country leads the world in percentage of over weight citizens?
Hello, I am trying to find out what is the most healthy cat food for my cats.
How can I make my own soap at home?
I was wondering, why do we light off fireworks for the 4th of July celebrations?
I'm finding that my memory is getting worse as I get older. Are there any proven ways to keep my mind sharp and memory and recall in good shape?
What are some flavors I can put on breadsticks?
Can you describe the agriculture done at Machu Picchu?
Can you give me advice on overcoming self-doubt?
I am watching a horse for a friend of mine while she is on vacation for two weeks. What should I do to make sure the horse is taken care of and comfortable while I am there?
Can you explain to me the effect catnip has on cats? Why do they get crazy when they sniff it?
How do live tv shows or news broadcasts have subtitles?
Can you tell me of electronics I should take with me when traveling? Definitely a cell phone
I want to know more about the Supreme Court justices.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Shepherd's Pie?
Can you find me Margot Robbie movies?
What are the common side effects after receiving a flu vaccine?
What is the best food delivery app?
How long should I live in a country to pick up the language?
it is possible to make homemade slipcovers for my old couches?
This holiday season I really want to do my part to help those in need. Can you suggest some things I might be able to do?
What things should I include in a fish aquarium?
What are the pros and cons of assisted suicide?
How do I bathe a toddler?
Who is Anais Mitchell?
Do people who write comic books make a lot of money?
What is the best way to make a grocery list?
How do I build a doghouse?
Hi, I have to diagram sentences for my English class, and show something called 'subject' and something called 'predicate.' Can you help me figure out how to do that?
Why do some trees lose their leaves in winter but other trees stay green and keep their leaves?
Where did rodeo clowns come from?
Is the keto diet really good for you?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Yangzhou fried rice?
How do I become a more engaging teacher?
World War II, was such a huge experience for the world. I'm trying to remember the date ranges, and the casualties lost. Are you familiar with any of those numbers?
How does Zelle work?
List all the COVID 19 variants
I'm trying to figure out which company developed the video game Dead Space.
When cycling in the wintertime, can you wear boots rather than cyclings shoes?
Who wrote the song Merry Christmas Darling?
What are the steps needed to sync my phone to my car's display?
I live in the city and I'd like to learn how to grow a garden in my balcony so I can have fresh vegetables just like someone in a rural setting. Do you have any how-to advice to help me?
Can you tell me the procedure for washing a wool coat?
What is a good first car for a teen
What types of acids can I add to my chilis to improve their flavour as I find them a little flat?
What do you do when you have no water in your home?
How do I track steps with an Apple watch?
can i bathe my rat?
Is it easier to fly a helicopter or an airplane?
What's the best time of year to visit the North Pole?
I wonder if I should get homeowners insurance. Would you happen to know which weather events or situations are reasons to acquire home owners insurance?
What is hypercalcemia?
Can you help me learn how to convert Fahrenheit to Celsius?
How can I help my mom improve her memory?
I have heard that the moon is getting farther away from the Earth, why is this?
What can I get for a child who loves Baby Yoda?
How do I get a baby to enjoy bath time?
I'm going to visit Yellowstone National Park and I'd like to learn more about it
How much healthier is a vegan diet compared to a non-vegan? Do vegans typically live longer?
I'm trying to find a drag show near me
I use my phone to listen to music when I'm jogging and cycling outdoors, but sometimes there's inclement weather and I don't want to damage my phone with the elements. What can I do to protect my phone when using it outdoors?
How do I make an apple crumble?
What do you think of the Terminator films?
Is it possible to go from black hair to blonde hair with hair dye?
What happened to Odeo, a company that started Twitter?
I'm looking for a show that is similar to the show Shameless.
I've heard about VooDoo, but don't know much about it. Do you know the history of it?
What is the best way for me to season my wooden cutting board?
Register for unemployment in Florida
How do I make stuffed pizza?
What is a popular import from Netherlands
I'm traveling to France soon and need to get a passport. I've never had one before. Can you tell me how I should go about getting one?
Should you compare hotel prices?
What is a fun weekend activity for a family with kids?
What is the latest at night I should drink coffee?
Do you have a recipe for Bibimbap?
What is the proper way to use a drill?
What are some ways to improve efficiency when doing house cleaning chores?
how do i pluck my eyebrows without hurting?
I'm trying to learn about Kamala Harris's political story. Do you know who she is?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
What are the best Clint Eastwood movies?
What was the first culture to discover wheat as a food?
should i install a carbon monoxide detector?
How do you treat insomnia?
How do I know when it's time to upgrade my phone?
What kind of headphones are best for the ear?
How do you bend sheet metal?
I had a friend who gifted me some butter with thc, how can I use this to make edibles?
Can you explain the function of chromosomes?
what are things i should do besides brushing teeth?
Will an apple tree grow Maryland?
I need to write a paper about a major historical event in a foreign country. I feel like writing something about China. Can you list some major events throughout history I can pick from?
What are some fun things to do on a hike?
What are some common tools you might find in a toolbox? Give me like 5 or 6 examples to keep the list short.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sept Cari?
I've read that some places in Texas offer rewards for killing wild boars? Why is this? are they that big of a problem?
What are some salty things I can put in oatmeal?
What is the best streaming service for NBC content?
I want to learn about planet Venus. Can you tell me about it?
Can you explain how noise canceling headphones work?
What are some flavored sodas to serve at a party?
Not sure what blood test results will be
I don't know if I should put more money into stock market now or not
I want to buy a boat. What should I consider?
I'm trying to declutter my life and clean out some of the seemingly endless boxes of keepsakes, mementos, and assorted detritus which have piled up in the garage, attic, closets, etc. But when I do attempt to start wading through the stuff, I become sentimental and have a hard time throwing ANYTHING away. Then I just end up putting it all back and still feeling cluttered and frustrated.
What is the Knights of Columbus?
What kind of flowers are the easiest to grow for beginners?
It's important to consider multiple perspectives, can you describe some pros of it?
Is Island of Bali an interesting place to visit?
Can you recommend a fun superhero show to watch with my nephew?
Where do you come from, where did you go, where did you come from Cotton Eye Joe?
Why is the sky blue?
What are some things we can do with rocks on the beach?
How do you brown ground beef?
What is a meal that an 8 year old can cook easily for a family of four?
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
who are some good artists of the modern day?
How do I play pogs?
Search for a raspberry cheesecake recipe
At what age do kids need to learn to use utensils?
Is Subway fast food healthier than McDonald's?
Should you shop around for the best electric rates?
Is this a good time to buy stocks?
What fruits can I feed my dog as treat?
What are some good treats I can give my cat?
I have an old computer that I don't use much anymore. What are some things that I can do with an old computer?
Why did England go to war with Argentina?
Should you clean your own gutters?
I like hot dogs sometimes, but they don't seem healthy. Do doctors recommend eating hot dogs?
You've been very helpful. Let me buy you a drink.
How do I keep my white clothes looking bright?
Was Nixon impeached?
How do you reload a nail gun?
Can you suggest gifts that a whiskey lover would love? Minus whiskey, though, they have plenty of that.
I frequently use my phone on cold winter mornings and I'm wondering if it's safe to use an iPhone when it's in 20 degree ambient temperature.
What do dogs like to eat?
How do I make my own hot sauce?
Is sea salt really better for you than table salt?
How do I keep my skin healthy?
What do you think about movie studios changing their theatrical release window in lieu of home streaming?
I'm working nightshifts and sleeping during the day. Is it less healthy to sleep in the day than at night?
How can I throw a my little pony themed party?
I'm preparing a holiday dinner and need a unique recipe. I was given the vegetable category to bring to the dinner. Any suggestions?
What are some things I can make with chipotle?
What does diversification mean?
I'm looking to get a house and lot through a broker, and I'm told financing will be through a bank loan. I was told to open a checking account. How does a bank loan work when buying a property?
What does a notary do?
How can I be more empathic to my friends?
What are some of Vincent Price's best movies?
Are there any dangers of trampoline parks?
How long does a senator serve for?
Do you have any tips for how I can reduce microphone static?
How big was the Roman Empire at it's peak?
HI, I really like Tucker Carlson tonight, but I don't want to pay for a subscription to Fox to watch it. How can I watch the show for free?
Can you tell me how one can treat a fire ant sting?
I need help teaching simple addition to a 5 year old. Any helpful hints?
What can I do to fight climate change?
Does wheat have more Carbs than rice?
What is the process of making ice cream?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Guiso carrero?
How do I take care of a lawn?
Can anyone whitewater raft?
Can you tell me how slavery first started?
What should you do when you feel lonely?
What is the best website for travel reservations?
How do you jump start a car?
what are some good shipping companies?
How do people get their news these days?
It's daylight savings time soon in Utah. What day is it?
How much should you save in an emergency fund?
Find an egg salad recipe
Are auditory hallucinations considered to be a healthy state of mind?
Do most people that commit homicide in the US end up getting caught?
What are some good PE games like red light green light?
Hello, Assistant!
what is the most popular ride at universal studios in florida
How do you file a tax extension?
What causes kidney stones?
How do I fly a kite?
how can i stay awake while driving at night?
Can you tell me what the meaning and themes are of the book Oliver Twist?
What do security guards do?
Can you recommend some ways to propose marriage to my girlfriend?
How can I find out what the most popular games are on the new PlayStation 5?
How do you clean dirt and leaves out of rain gutters?
Should my grandma preplan her funeral?
I'm tired of making the same few meals for dinner each night. How can I add variety to my meal plans?
Which country is the most similar to the United States of America?
What is the department of veterans affairs?
How do you do a slam dunk in basketball?
What kind of sandwiches should I bring for a picnic at the park?
What do I do if I keep having the same nightmare over and over?
Can you tell me about bee safety?
What are some sides for turkey?
How does Venmo work?
How do I give my dog a rabies shot?
Do you have natural remedies for diaper rash?
Why do I cramp and feel tired during my period
What is the best type of wood to use as heat for grilling steak?
I'm wondering if the viola might be an instrument to explore. Can you make a living, playing a viola?
Do kids have to wear seatbelts on school buses?
What do modern trains use as fuel?
What should I pack to go to a water park?
I left the car in the parking lot to get some grocery. When I came back to finally get home, for some reason I'm no longer able to get the car to start. Can you help?
What State has the strictest emission laws when it comes to private vehicles?
What do you call a doctor who specializes in cancer treatment?
Who was Butch Cassidy?
Can you give me a recipe for making eggnog?
I'm trying to find a work from home chat job.
Are dog treats good for dogs?
Is the United Kingdom a monarchy?
Do you know which days of the year are dedicated to National food days? I want to take advantage of some of them.
Why are women more emotional than men are?
What should I get for a snack?
I want to make Marshmallow Brownies. Do you have a good recipe?
How can I stop a bunion from growing?
Why do they sell hotdog wieners in packs of 10 and the buns in packs of 8?
who is the governor of south Dakota
How do you remove a phone's back plate?
Who was the top ranked male tennis player in 1976?
What kind of activities can I do at a party for a child who loves unicorns?
Any first date conversation topics you can suggest?
What is the capital of New Zealand? I'm going to book a flight next week.
What are some good flavors of cheesecakes?
Whic countries still have a monarchy?
I need to find a pound cake recipe
People tell me I'm too skinny. What kind of foods should I eat so I bulk up?
What is the most effective way to mow the grass?
How many US citizens have died from Covid?
What are some things I can do with marshmallows?
How is peanut butter made, step by step?
How are coffee beans processed to make the drink?
What are some of the best horror movies in the slasher genre?
How can I tell a friend that their loved one is lying to them about something?
Can you give me a rundown of what caused the Great Depression?
How can I start a recycling system at home?
Do you have any recipes for cocktails that specifically contain chocolate as a flavor/ingredient?
I've been having auditory hallucinations where I hear things that aren't there. What might be causing this?
I put a bird feeder in the yard, but birds have not found it yet. How do I help them find it?
What can I do to avoid my risk of heart failure
What are the main differences between painting with acrylic paint and oil paint?
Most memorable facts about Ronald Reagan.
Can you name all the Disney parks and resorts in the United States?
How do I detail my car?
I still listen to Frank Sinatra's songs. When did he become famous?
What are the 8 limbs of yoga?
Why do we decorate trees for Christmas?
What is the recommended tire pressure for a ford escape?
How do you use a jack stand to support a car?
What is the best type of governing body of a country?
What are some casseroles I can make with bagel?
What are some bands that are similar in style to Pavement?
I'm trying to get my friend to open up
What are the different houses in Astrology?
I don't communicate with my assistant well and they're always misinterpreting what I want them to do. How can I improve this?
Fruit flies are the worst! One reason I rarely buy bananas. They seem to find them! What's the best way to get rid of them?
Can you find a surfboard that is designed for beginners?
I need to write an essay about people who have been discriminated against and what their experience is with it. Can you help me?
When getting a covid booster shot, is it better to get the same vaccine you got the first two times or should you get a different brand?
Which company developed the popular video game console Wii?
I heard that Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis weren't the best of friends? Any history on them?
what was Lee Majors famous for
I just put my cat down and was wondering how to deal with the giref.
How do you use a manual transmission?
Is American Hustle a true story?
the Last Picture Show was a famous movie that won awards. What was it about?
I keep finding ants on my kitchen counters. How do I get rid of them?
What are believed to be the historical origins of vampire myths?
How can I treat restless leg syndrome?
How many husbands has Jennifer Aniston had?
Can you tell me the price difference of buying tickets to Disneyland presale instead of at the park?
I wanna learn how to crochet?
What is the process for getting a tattoo?
I've been seeing some opossums out during the day time. Is this a sign that they have rabies?
What is there to do at Big Basin Redwoods State Park?
I'm going to France and want to learn some dessert-related words in French.
Who was the first explorer to circumnavigate the globe?
Before answering a question, what algorithm do you run through? Why?
I know Hanukkah starts tonight but can you tell me what time it actually begins?
Hi, I recently got a pet iguana. What do I need to buy, and do, to care for it properly?
I want to go to San Francisco. Have you been there?
Let's talk about Michael Jackson. How old was he when he died?
How do you free a car that's stuck in snow?
Are there any good tourist attractions in Boston, MA.?
Can you tell me how to find out the regulations on ocean fishing for a particular species?
First Lady Biden, is educated, and working with schools. I'd love to know more about her education and work.
I need some help on how to multi-task.
What is HIPAA?
Can you help me learn more about President Calvin Coolidge?
Can you help me calculate if getting solar for my home is worth the investment?
My daughter wants to be a princess for Halloween. What sort of things should I include in her costume?
How do I decorate my house for Thanksgiving?
Can you tell me what you know about the Richat Structure for my research paper?
If I like Cat Stevens, what other artists would I like?
Could you provide me some recommendations on music that is similar to the band Megadeth?
I was thinking of how talented Bonnie Raitt was recently. What are some of her biggest songs?
How do I make homemade gravy?
How can I teach my kids to have self esteem?
Is it cheaper to take my family of four on a skiing holiday or surfing holiday in US?
Osiris seemed to be a mystical character, in Egyptian mythology. What's the basic story of Osiris?
Can you recommend a film to watch? I'm looking for something fairly recent, perhaps a comedy or drama, suitable for adults.
What is Bolognese sauce?
What does a prosecutor do?
I noticed how most male mammals are larger than their female counterparts, and I'm wondering what animal species there are where that's reversed, and the females are larger than the males.
I really want to watch a Jude Law movie. Can you recommend some good ones?
What is the biggest mansion in the U.S.?
How do I groom a cat?
What is a good drink to toast to on new years?
What are some singers I would like if I like Britney Spears?
I've read that hunters use camouflage to hide themselves from animals. How does camouflage work?
Please tell me which companies are part of the Big Three.
I need to write a paper about European history. Can you tell me some major events that have happened that I may choose to write about? Anything besides the world wars.
What is a good sized tv for a small living room?
There are mice in my garage. What is the most humane way to get rid of them?
Is a space heater safe?
Do you like stories?
How can I hang a hammock?
What should I serve with stuffed peppers?
What should be my major in college? I can't decide between music and science.
What do I do if my one year old still does not sleep through the night?
how do i stop worrying about if people like me?
How can you give a rousing speech?
How did diamonds become the standard for wedding rings?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
How do you use a manual transmission?
I'm trying to find a work from home chat job.
Can you tell me about the controversy surrounding the Bush vs. Gore election?
WHo is Colin Kaepernick
I need help making a relaxing music playlist that's good for studying.
Does camouflage help hunters stay hidden from what they are hunting?
What is a nice long haired breed of dog?
I've been scattering poison bait outside to stop a rodent infestation. However, I'm worried about harming other animals that might be attracted to the bait. What can I do to make sure only the rodents eat the bait?
I need to repaint my living room but I have never done it before. Are there any tips for painting a wall?
How can I reduce a fever?
Can you help me learn more about President Herbert Hoover?
Can you walk me through how to hypnotize a person?
What are some interesting ways to eat English Muffins?
How can I become better at speaking in public
How do I increase my vocabulary?
What are some ways I can improve my posture?
How do I start a craft business?
Which web browser gets hacked the most? I thought perhaps Internet Explorer.
What is the best color for the roof of my house?
Do you think you can teach me a bit about ice wine?
Have any technological breakthroughs been made in the solar energy field?
What is the origin story of American Thanksgiving?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Potjiekos ?
How do I increase my tolerance to spicy foods?
Write some lyrics for a simple song about the macOS dock icons at the bottom of my screen.
What is a drink I can enjoy in the fall?
Is it bad to charge my phone in the car?
I don't know what to do after graduating from University, can you please help?
I need to buy a new daily planner for next year. Can you recommend a good one?
I'm travelling to Spain and need to learn some of the language.
How many amendments does the constitution have?
I am trying to give up smoking but I'm really struggling, any advice you can give me?
What areas of the United States get hurricanes?
What are the best virtual reality headsets for gaming?
Who was the first explorer to circumnavigate the globe?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ingoho?
I heard that Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis weren't the best of friends? Any history on them?
Who are the Cassadines on General Hospital?
How do I learn to jazz dance?
What does it mean when a baby animal imprints?
What are some different styles of curry?
How can I compare the cost of repairing my roof versus buying a new one?
Which Williams sister has won more Grand Slam titles?
What is the right way to wear wedding rings?
Is organic produce any better than non-organic produce?
How much money should I save for a down payment on a house?
I am making a trip out of state and need driving directions. Can you provide me with a text based route for driving from Jacksonville, Florida to Atlanta, Georgia.
I want to learn to count to five in a few languages. Can you help me?
How do I get my kids to stop slamming the door?
How do you do a back flip?
Is a beagle a good pet?
What are benefits of a staycation?
How do I get a baby to enjoy bath time?
How do you remove old coffee stains from carpet?
What are tips to finish reading a book in a month?
I want to visit Grand Canyon. Where is the nearest airport?
What are symptoms of being exposed to black mold?
Hey how can I calm down my recurring anxiety?
My son (who is eight) is having a very hard time dealing with the death of his grandfather (my partner's father). The death was somewhat sudden and it's his first experience dealing with something like this (besides losing a pet once). He is confused, doesn't understand why he won't see Grandpa again, and I don't know what to say about it or how much I should say.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bakmie Goreng?
How do you deal with a difficult landlord?
What is an IEP?
What are some good Step 2 toys for boys?
What can I do to protect my tablet from viruses?
What can I bring to a potluck that's easy to make?
Who are the founding members of the rock band Foreigner?
What do I do if my infant is choking on something?
How do I cook boneless chicken breasts in the oven?
How do I make a paper airplane?
How come people say you can't divide by 0?
What’s the best brand of tv
Which company developed the rpg Kingdom Hearts?
How do I improve my relationship with my sister?
Who is Jeff Bezos?
Who invented jeans?
I'm trying to find out who invented Toaster Strudel. Can you help?
How often should I get a check up with my general doctor?
What should I bring to Chile
Can you help me write a nice letter to my family explaining that I won't be able to make it for Christmas this year? Let them down easy.
Translate this sentence to how a lawyer would say it: "Don't make illegal copies or we'll sue you for everything you own"
Hello, I am trying to find out if aliens are real. Can you help?
what colour should I paint my walls if I have a grey sofa?
I want to learn French. How do you think I should go about it?
How do I set a monthly budget?
How much fish should I eat a week?
what countries is good coffee from?
Who was the walrus in the song, I Am The Walrus?
How do I follow the Atkins diet?
How do I encourage a baby to pull up?
Is it bad to have very narrow interest and not doing much of anything else if this narrow interest still makes you happy?
I have a paddle board and may go out to use it tomorrow! But I wanna do things other than just stand up paddle board. Do you know of other activities that can be done with a paddle board while out on the water?
I'm trying to find the safest neighborhood to buy a house in, in Richmond, Virginia.
I have a ten year old who gets an allowance. Should the two year old get one as well?
What should I look for in a therapist?
i always seem to forget i'm cooking something on the stove. what can i do?
I know what regular mayo tastes like, but what does Japanese mayo taste like and how does it differentiate from American mayo?
Do you know of any tips that can help get me out of going to jury duty?
What are places to visit in San Diego?
How can I get more YouTube subscribers?
Please tell me the history of The Nutcracker.
How can I let my child help with the baby? My child wants to.
What is Google Pay?
What should I do when Aloe Vera plants grow baby plants?
Some of my friends dye their grey hair. I am concerned about the health side effects from long term hair dying?
How do I fry up an egg omelet?
What is the meaning of life
Hi, I'm in the mood for a gin and tonic. Can you give me a recipe for making one?
I am almost halfway through paying off my mortgage and the house opposite mine has come up for sale. Do you think the bank will grant me a second mortgage to buy this home, primarily for a rental property?
I remember the singer Deborah Harry was pretty popular. She had a couple big hits. Maybe we could talk about those.
How do I make a Zoom account?
How old was Jesus when he was crucified?
I was thinking about getting an Electric Car, but I am worried about how long they take to charge the batteries. Do you know anything about this?
Who is Alice Tavner?
Can monkeys swim?
Can you give me a recipe for seared scallops?
I'd like to take a day off and visit some places in town. Can you think of activities that don't cost much money?
What are some good sports apparel brands?
Can you recommend some good horror writers besides stephen king?
Which cuts of beef make the most tender steak?
what do i do if my baby is terrified of other people?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nacatamal?
How do I get a renters insurance plan, if it is required by my apartment lease?
I will be traveling from Dallas to Phoenix via New Mexico. I want to stay in New Mexico for two full days.
What is the biggest planet in the solar system?
I'm a single mom with two jobs and I feel I can't handle it anymore. What can I do?
Why do people think confederate flags are patriotic? Is that a symbol of American sedition during the civil war?
What time of the year is best to plant strawberries in Maryland?
I would like to know the definition of dwarf planets.
I want to learn some more about the Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
Hi, I have food caked all over a nonstick pan. How can I clean it without scratching it up?
Is frozen yogurt better for you then ice cream?
I have to study for history class. Could you help me give an overview of the French Revolution?
Can you tell me if there is a different process to buy a call option versus a stock?
How can I be more empathic to my friends?
how do i win an ebay auction?
Why are gas prices so high after the last presidential election?
What's a 3 ring circus?
Where can I take a car battery to get it tested?
Why did Europeans end up colonizing most of the world? How did they end up with the upper hand?
Who is Justin Bieber?
Is mailing entries a good way to win money from sweepstakes?
I want to be prepared for injuries at my home. What should I keep in a first aid kit?
What is a nice long haired breed of dog?
What can you tell me about the California gold rush?
what approach do you think I should do if I'm gonna talk to my employer about raise?
What careers could one pursue with a biology degree?
Did the USA sign a treaty to guarantee the independent sovereign rights of Ukraine in exchange for their nuclear stockpile?
I need to bake an extravagant cake for a dinner party. I am quite good with baking but I need some ideas and ingredients. Can you help me decide what i should bake?
Are you a philosophical zombie?
How can I make aioli?
How do I learn to play checkers?
Hi, I would like to take out a home improvement loan to fix some things around the house. Can you tell me how to do that?
What are some snacks to serve at a birthday party?
What is a good lens setup for a novice photographer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Semolina Porridge?
Can you give me tips to writing a good screenplay?
I'm trying to write a Christmas story
deter squirrels from getting onto my bird feeder
It helps me to have a positive clear image of where I want to be in the next few years. Can you help me conceive of a better life for myself? Some info about me: I’m an academic. I live in California but I miss my family. I have a dog and a husband.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Atol?
What are some good ways to learn HTML so I can build my first website?
Find a chocolate fudge recipe
Should I kill a tarantula I find in my backyard?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kasha Porridge?
How can I make strawberry shortcake from scratch?
What kind of dish is a gratin?
Does cereal have too much sugar?
How do you schedule a package pickup with the US postal service?
I want to make nachos. How should I do that?
What is beef jerky?
What is the temperature to cook a pot roast perfectly?
How do people make money on Youtube?
What are some fun savannah animals I can teach my kids about?
I love eating oatmeal for breakfast. I wonder if doctors say, how much oatmeal daily, would be too much to consume?
What is the warmest material they make sweaters out of?
how do i pick strawberries?
Find a low interest credit card.
I woke up with a really stiff neck that hurts when I try to turn my head. Can you help me manage the pain?
What are the best foods that will help to curb ones appetite?
I would like to learn more about the original PlayStation memory card.
I need a movie recommendation
What can I do to reduce my risk of gum disease?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Shumai?
What can I do to make my PC run faster?
Can you tell me what is required to become a US senator?
How do I freeze bananas?
What is a console war?
what are big cats you can find in north america?
What are good places to visit in Mexico CIty?
What is horchata?
I want to cook my spouse a fancy breakfast for her birthday, and I need some ideas
Steve Schirripa seems to have been in the movie industry for quite some time. Do you know about his work?
Do you have any cocktail recipes that originate from Spain?
What are things a handyman should be able to do?
I've been scattering poison bait outside to stop a rodent infestation. However, I'm worried about harming other animals that might be attracted to the bait. What can I do to make sure only the rodents eat the bait?
Which foods should I eat to gain weight?
I've seen a lot of hornets gathering by my window, it seems like they are building a nest. What should I do?
What is express mail from the post office?
I'm trying to have better dental hygiene. Can you tell me what are the benefits of flossing?
What are some ways that I can help cut back on how much alcohol I drink?
what do i feed my snake?
How do you improve work life balance?
How do I keep bugs from coming through the drain?
How many times a day should a one month old poop?
Can you tell me some musical artists similar to the Foo Fighters?
I want to make traditional Christmas cookies. Any ideas?
How does a rock transform into a crystal?
what is the age of Marriage consent in Vermont
How do you make a solid outdoor brick oven?
How do I make microwave potato chips?
Who is Robin Williams?
How do I clean my coffee maker?
Most memorable facts about Ronald Reagan.
I'm not sure I want to have children because of the associated costs. I don't really know how to approach this subject with my partner without sounding selfish or overly frugal.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Biešu Zupa?
What do I need to learn for wine tasting?
Find Britney Spears songs
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ghanaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Waakye?
I've been hearing a lot about Gen Z but I have no idea what the term refers to. Can you help explain?
What is a "Friendsgiving"?
Do dogs have baby and adult teeth like humans?
How do I get more traffic to my website?
What is a Purple-K fire extinguisher?
Can you list different variants of apples?
How do I keep my glass table clean?
How do I use a survival blanket to stay warm?
What is the best way to teach a child about the importance of honesty?
Tambourines have been around for millennia. Does Ethan images of tambourines in ancient Egyptian tombs. Do you know the history of the tambourine?
I'm trying to learn about the various different types of pushups. Can you help me learn a bit about them?
How can I find out if I meet the course requirements for a university class?
In what locations of the Untied States can lemon tress grow?
How long does it take for bees to make their hive?
How do I make a long island iced tea?
I'm traveling to Mexico next week and I need to brush up on the basics in Spanish. Are you able to help with that?
How do I install a graphics card for my PC?
So a murderer is in jail and we find out that his organs could save five separate people. Should we kill the murderer?
what can i get my wife for our 25th anniversary?
Search for a blueberry biscuit recipe
Tandem bicycles seem quaint, but are they very safe?
I know a cousin, who is considering becoming a part of the clergy. What is the process for becoming a nun or a priest, in the Catholic Church?
What is there to do at Crystal Cove state park?
Can you give me a guide to identifying edible mushrooms in the Pacific Northwest?
What do the Boy Scouts of America do?
What is considered the most effective form of birth control, commercially available? It seems that birth control pills, condoms, vasectomies, are tops in the list.
I want to go to Italy on vacation for two weeks. I want to see historical sights.
Hi, I'm in the mood for lamb biryani. Can you give me a recipe for that?
Why do Republicans want to get rid of the Department of Education?
How often should an adult shower?
How can I safely keep a backup of my computer files and settings?
I'm going to be watching a basketball game with some friends but I don't understand how it's played at all. Can you please explain the rules to me?
I want to know when the company Nike was founded.
How can I protect my home from wild fires
Write a poem for my lonely grandpa
After all these years, why hasn't modern science discovered a cure for the common cold?
Should you listen to music while studying?
I have noticed those cans of solid cranberry they have for Thanksgiving. How do you serve it? Just slice it and serve?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Urad Dal?
What is chili powder?
I want to visit New Zealand. Please tell me about it.
how do i protect plants in the winter?
Can you describe what happens when negative numbers are multipled
What is the best California Lottery to play if you want to win money?
Hi, I need to find the surface-to-volume ratio of a ten sided die for my geometry homework. Can you explain how to do that?
I want to teach someone verb tenses. Can you explain to me the different kinds of verb tenses that exist?
Been thinking about reading a new book. I've heard that Tina Fey has a few good titles. Know much about that?
What are some good scents for the house?
How can I make fish nuggets?
I've heard that for temperature regulation, the human neck, is a great focal point. Can cold compresses, or warm scarves, really impact your perception of your body temperature?
Can you tell me a plan for an itinerary to see the rose bowl football game?
What should I do for myself after I got a raise?
When was the company Hershey established?
find a good nursing home for my mother
How can I become more assertive
What are some activities I can have at a pool party?
What are the most popular colored christmas lights
How do tv programs come to the tv via antenna?
What kind of breakfast should I eat before a five mile hike?
Can you tell me why cats purr
How do I oven cook steak?
I am going for an interview tomorrow. I am very nervous as I want the job. What is the best way for me to stand out?
How can I stop a bunion from growing?
I know that all living organisms share multiple characteristics that define life. Can you list and describe what those characteristics are?
What is the purpose of daylight savings time
What are some good places to visit in San Jose, CA?
In a list using semicolons, is there a semicolon before the word 'and'?
What is a good way to get scratches out of my car's paint job?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ugali?
We got a new pet mouse and I'm wanting to learn how to make it use a running wheel.
How do I temporarily disable an Instagram account?
How do I get better at memorizing biology terms?
I'm thinking about having a child with my partner, is it a good idea?
How do you make a Reuben sandwich?
Do you like stories?
What happens if a nuclear power plant has an explosion?
How do I find the fees and interest rate for a credit card?
My older brother keeps telling people his favourite number is 69
How do I curl my eyelashes?
Who invented instant ramen?
Search for a carmel bar recipe
What are fun ways to announce pregnancy?
What can causes a build up of static electricity?
I need help writing a short story for University. It has to be 500 words, but I don't know where to start.
Is Santa Claus real?
What are tips to finish reading a book in a month?
I just got a new job in an office and the dress code is "business casual." What kinds of clothes should I wear?
How do I become a massage therapist?
Are there any sales or promotions for clothing stores going on this weekend?
I'm doing some research on Ingo Swann. What do you know about him?
What are some of the health benefits of cinnamon?
What if I cannot afford to throw my child a birthday party?
Can you find a guide for caring for a new tattoo?
How do you cool off your mouth after eating something very spicy?
What is a good recipe for Key Lime Pie?
How can I eliminate distractions and be more focused?
What are some good vegetarian dishes? I have a friend coming over for dinner u=but they don't eat meat
How much Vitamin C should I be getting per day?
Why did the USA stop going to the moon in the 70s?
What is a good truck for hauling a horse trailer?
What are some things i can add to mac and cheese?
Can you help me learn more about the founding father Alexander Hamilton?
How do I start a campfire?
What are some good car auction websites
Should I put cement or gravel in my front yard?
I would like to learn how to go mountain climbing.
What are some good stocking stuffers for Christmas stockings?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make blood orange spritz?
what is the tallest mountain in North Carolina
Can you help me learn what the health benefits are of eating organic food versus non-organic food?
What are some trivia board games that I can play?
What are good christmas gifts for under $50
How long would it take for man to go to Mars on a rocket ship?
Can you help me figure out how to ask a bank for a credit increase on a credit card?
A friend of mine had to chop down a 200 year old tree, on his property. He was rather attached to the old tree. Any suggestions on how to comfort him?
How can I make traps for game in the woods?
I'm thinking of getting a stick shift car. However, I do not know how to drive one. Can you help me learn the steps?
How do you make tuna salad?
How can I remove an ink stain from my clothes?
I am writing a paper about Elon Musk. Can you tell me the most important contributions he has made to the scientific community?
What are some of the best alternative rock bands from the 90s?
What was Watergate scandal?
Can you tell me how to find the correct tire pressure for my tires?
What are the blueprints to making a small deck onto my house?
What socket is the 7700k Intel?
How do I buy cryptocurrency?
How can I differentiate the difference between the footprints of a dog and a feline in the wild? For example, a wolf or a mountain lion?
Is it important to get plenty of vitamins in your diet, and how best to go about this?
How often should I go to the dentist as an adult?
Hi, I see a lot of things I'd like to download, but they use files called 'torrents' that I don't understand. How do I open, and use, these torrent files?
I wonder why I can't put saltwater fish in a freshwater tank?
My aunt used to make a Christmas cookie that was round and had powdered sugar on the top. Do you know what it might be? I'm having trouble remembering.
can i work up tolerance to alcohol?
What exactly are belly buttons?
what are fun ways to teach kids to type?
I'm thinking about online dating, do you think it's a good idea?
Describe what happened on 9/11
What are some places to visit in Guanajuato?
What is the highest paying job in the United States?
Who is Jerome Powell?
I want to learn how to play golf recreationally, how do I get started?
How much does it cost on average to raise a child?
What is the turkey hotline?
What should I pack to go to a water park?
What are some ways that I can get better at the call of duty game? I play on a controller and find that my aim is not as good as I would like.
What can you tell me about life in the USA in the 1960s
Does cheese need to age before it tastes good?
Do you know any good puns?
How do you make a banana split?
How do you get a feral cat to be your pet?
I'm looking to buy a hunting knife, but I'm having a hard time deciding between a fixed blade knife and a folding knife. What are the benefits and drawbacks of each?
My 8th grade daughter got all As on her report card. What are some rewards I can give her?
what are some toppings you can put on fruit to make it more fun?
How can I train my dog to sit
Hi, I'd like to start doing dumbbell flies to work on my chest. Can you explain how the exercise is performed?
Can you tell me which company developed the fighting game Super Smash Bros.?
Search for a carmel bar recipe
Which bands are similar to Deep Purple?
Can you teach me how I can make my own spaghetti at home?
How do you get rid of spiders?
What is Lewy Body dementia?
What are some good historical novels for kids?
What to do at McArthur-Burney Falls Memorial State Park?
I'd like to learn Hungarian, do you think it is a difficult language?
Should you shop around for the best electric rates?
How are chickens farmed?
What are some things i can add to mac and cheese?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Adobong Balut?
I'm a really big fan of musicals. What are some of the most popular musical movies?
How do I baby proof my house?
What is political asylum?
How can I protect my windows from getting splattered when painting the house?
I want to teach my 8 year old how to swim
How do I teach a child to count to ten?
What is the EU?
Can you help me find a recipe for stuffed peppers?
What's the process of writing an opinion letter to the editor of a magazine?
Is iced coffee just regular coffee with ice in it?
Can you give me a recipe for preparing lasagne?
I'd like to learn about the stock market.
Can you explain the basics of a how a ceiling fan works?
How can I learn to play guitar without bothering my neighbors?
I need to explain to my supervisors at work how switching to solar energy to power our factory is a good thing to do. I want to have a good argument to give to them why we should switch to solar energy. Other than the effect on the environment what else can I tell them to persuade them?
Search for a rice pudding recipe
How can I organize all my clothes?
Who invented the IQ test?
Hello, I am trying to find the cheapest flight to Orlando from New York City on December 20th.
What language is spoken in ireland?
What's a good energy drink with 300mg of caffeine?
Do Police really have a quota of how many tickets they have to write?
How do I make a pie crust?
Can you describe the basic rules of baseball?
Is it hard to become a speech language pathologist?
My niece needs help making one of those volcanoes for science class. What is the easiest way to do this?
What is asthma?
Is climate change something we should be concerned about?
What are health benefits of eating raspberries?
How do you prevent clothes from sticking together in the dryer?
Who is your hero
I have a clog in my kitchen sink, what do I do?
What is the world record for a 1 mile sprint?
I'm trying to find a pair of headphones that are waterproof so I can listen to music while I go swimming. Do you have any suggestions?
How do I become an Uber driver?
How do I treat ringworm at home?
Is it easy to learn to ice skate?
Is GTA 3 similiar to Cyberpunk 2077 at all?
Do you have any simple mash potato recipes?
What does the Disney vault mean?
Why are there hunting seasons? Why can't we hunt all year long?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicken and Asparagus Tartlets?
Which ingredients should I have to make vegetable soup?
Where is the Terlingua International Chili Championship held?
Why is my dog barking more at night?
I love the singer Idina Menzel, but I've only heard a few songs from her. Can you recommend me some music from Idina Menzel?
How do you do a back flip?
What is the best time to water outdoor plants? Is it better in the morning or late at night?
How can I keep my kids from cracking their ipad?
In Texas, can you really just walk into a store and walk out with a gun?
What does the Muslim faith believe in?
What are some tropical destinations?
Why is pot legal in some states and not others?
I want to comfort a friend who recently lost a pet. Do you have any thoughts on how to make them feel better?
What happens when you lose something?
I would like some gift ideas on what to get my 4-year-old niece for christmas.
How can I better concentrate when listening to lectures?
How do I choose a class schedule for my first semester of college?
Can you help me find the route from New Jersey to New York with the least bridges?
What should you use to season meat when cooking?
I'm going to the beach soon, can you give me some fun activities to do?
How do I tell a coworker that her perfume is too strong?
How can I take care of a butterfly with a broken wing?
Why am I always jealous of people's accomplishments?
I started working night shift so I have to sleep during the day. But it's noisy and bright out. What can I use to get better sleep?
Robin Williams was great in the movie Good Will Hunting. I'm curious if they received awards for that film?
I'd like to arrange singing lessons for my daughter, she's only ten years old, is it a good time?
Can you help me find a recent Pixar movie that is about space?
How can I learn to run a mile faster?
How do I build a bookshelf?
Dean Martin was popular some time ago. He was known to drink. What were a few of his song faves?
What are some alternative gatherings I can do for Thanksgiving besides gathering at a house?
Giraffes have such long necks. Do they have a lot of neck bones?
How do you purify water from a stream so it's drinkable?
What is the strongest type of concrete?
How do you play truth or dare?
My sister sucks at fractions. What is the best way to help her learn fractions in math?
How can I pickle green tomatoes?
Is human resources a good career?
What forms do I need to file my taxes?
What are some good asian teas?
How much does a new Ferrari automobile cost?
I'm planning on starting to run for exercise. What are some good warm up stretches that I can do?
How can I ask my crush out?
Can you help me understand what gothic literature is?
How do I put out an oven fire?
Who invented jeans?
Find a home fries recipe
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Parrilla?
How do I make sourdough starter?
I'm looking to learn a little bit about the Holodomor. Can you tell me what it was?
What are some mid range hotel chains?
Did the Boston Red Sox ever win the World Series?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Jägerschnitzel?
I am trying to learn about Pluto. Please tell me what you know about it.
How many times should one brush his or her teeth daily?
Is this a good time to buy stocks?
Do you possess recipes for cocktail drinks?
I need to change out the hard drive on my laptop.
How do you prepare oysters?
What are some interesting ways to serve hard boiled eggs?
Why do cats meow?
Would you recommend to me a show that is similar to The Office?
Are you familiar with The Phantom of the Opera?
I'm trying to find a good Christmas movie to watch. Preferably a classic
Why are lady bugs considered to be goodluck?
Can I become a doctor if I'm squeamish?
How do you remove skin tags?
My toddler enjoy singing “Itsy Bitsy Spider”. Can you suggest similar songs?
What are some things I need to take with me when going camping?
Should I get vaccinated against Covid-19? I'm nervous about risks associated with the vaccine.
Hi, I recently purchased a Ruger Mk IV pistol, .22 LR caliber, and I can't figure out how to load it. Can you help me out?
What tips do you have for making pesto?
How do I give a good back massage?
How do I check transmission fluid level on a car?
I'm looking for advice to become better at swimming.
how many square mile is Lake Michigan
Hi, my English teacher recommends I familiarize myself with the work of Kurt Vonnegut. Can you give me an overview of his career, and recommend some of his best stuff so that I can get a decent view of his body of work?
Where can I go whale watching?
Is it okay to give homeless people money or should i give it to organizations instead?
Why do the Amish wear black?
I've found the carvings of Michelangelo to be so profound and amazing. What are some of his most famous statues?
I'm travelling abroad and need to learn to ask for a doctor in different languages. Can you help?
I am a massive fan of Japanese food. Can you provide me with a recipe for miso soup?
What is the most harmful drug to society?
What is the legislative branch of the United States?
Can you really count the rings inside a tree cutting and tell how old it is?
What is a good Christmas present for under $20?
What causes a yeast infection
How do I forage for mushrooms?
Can you give me a good recipe to cook wings in the oven?
How can I get my CDL licenses?
I left the car in the parking lot to get some grocery. When I came back to finally get home, for some reason I'm no longer able to get the car to start. Can you help?
Is sadness a normal emotion?
How do I train for as weight lifting competition?
I want to make Kung Pao chicken. Do you know what is it?
I'm trying to get some information on the Russo-Japanese War. Can you help me learn about it?
How do you treat delirium?
My grandkids want the video game “Happy Feet”. Do you know what it is?
Search for a mexican casserole recipe
Which cities have the best nightlife in the United States?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sinangag?
I need help setting up my wifi router can you help me?
How does acupuncture work?
What is PTSD?
If I go camping, what is a safe amount of water to bring per person per day?
Is it better for your health to drink acidic water or alkaline water?
what can i make with cream of mushroom soup?
How can I find out what the most popular games are on the new PlayStation 5?
I got stung by a bee for the first time just now. What should I do?
How do I clean off a glass stove top?
How do I make sourdough starter?
put down a wood floor in my living room
What is the best way to get rid of cockroaches in the house?
what is the reason for the Antarctic Treaty?
Where did the idea for a 5 day work week come from?
I want to do a fundraiser for charity. Can you help me plan it?
My bottom bracket of my bicycle is making a lot of clicking and squeaking sounds. What could this mean?
How do I use epoxy?
I'd like to play Jenga with my family this holiday season, but I've never actually played. Do you know any good strategies for playing and winning at Jenga?
What are the steps needed to sync my phone to my car's display?
I'm trying to find ways to get healthier! I'm specifically looking to eat more vitamins. What should I eat?
What foods are high in fiber?
So last weekend we had some rolling blackouts in the city, and the kids were so bored. What are some activities that I can do with the children during a power outage to keep them entertained?
Search for blueberry nut bread
How do I get rid of underarm fat?
Hey! What kind of ingredients do I need to make vegan ginger molasses cookies?
Can you tell me how they calculated the circumference of the Earth before modern technology?
Do you know the poem "Waltzing Matilda"? Can you repeat it to me?
Can I make homemade ketchup?
Any tips on how to revise something you wrote?
What are some DIy decorations an adult could make?
Hi, I want to work on my hamstrings. Can you teach me how to do a stiff legged deadlift for that, with either a barbell or dumbbells?
How do I learn to do the monkey bars?
Which shipping carrier is cheaper for shipping packages?
What country is the most prosperous?
How can I make more room on my hard drive?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Groundnut Sauce?
Can you help me find the right oil filter for my car?
How do I make the bed?
What is osteoarthritis?
I'm craving a salsa! Do you have a recipe you can provide me for salsa verde?
How many years of training does it take, to get good at playing the piano?
Should I use hot or cold compresses for my achy shoulder
Is greek yogurt better for you than regular yogurt?
What is a way to sincerely apologize?
How did Thanksgiving come about?
Can you give me a suggestion for fun family holiday activities?
Please tell me about Twitter. His CEO resigned today.
there seems to be a huge decline in pubs in England. why is that?
What is the best chocolate brand?
I'd like to contemplate art today. What are some favorite works from Vincent Van Gogh?
Thanksgiving is coming up and I'm noticing more and more fighting between the left and right about it. Why is Thanksgiving a political issue now?
Are perms safe for your hair?
What are some good food to bring camping?
What kind of vegetables offer the most health benefits?
I want to learn about the history of iPhone.
I need some show recommendations that are similar to Breaking Bad.
I need help teaching simple addition to a 5 year old. Any helpful hints?
What are normal stipulations within an NDA contract?
From the images that I see online, Indigenous Australians look like people from New Guinea. Are they related?
How can I make hand sanitizer?
how do i know if a child is ready to take care of a cat?
What are some good books for kids who are into magic?
My dog is very aggresive to other dogs when we take him on walks, any advice you can give me to help with this?
What should I do if I found a weird mole on my back?
What is Dustin hoffman's best film?
I just spilled red wine on my carpet, how can I get the stain out?
Is a turtle a good pet for kids?
Best way to make home made pizza?
How do I plant a tree?
How do I learn to balance on a skateboard?
How do you sanitize a kitchen counter after prepping and cooking?
What are some flavored sodas to serve at a party?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
How do i change the oil on my Nissan Rogue?
What are some plain flavored chips?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Muchines de Yuca?
Do you have any advice for how I can deal with annoying family at thanksgiving dinner?
I am trying to mix some colours. What happens if I mix blue and red?
I've heard a lot about something called Black Friday, but I don't know what it is. I'd like some help learning about it. For starters, what day is it on?
What does it mean when you think you recognise someone, but the person you think it is isn't in the same city as you?
What are kinds of animals that live on the savannah?
How do I clean a grill?
I'm finding that my memory is getting worse as I get older. Are there any proven ways to keep my mind sharp and memory and recall in good shape?
What’s the best brand of tv
Who owns Virgin Atlantic airline?
My daughter is reading the book "Lord of the Flies." Can you tell me what the book is about and any important details about the story I should know so we can have a thoughtful discussion.
Can you tell me some examples of ridiculous laws in the USA? I've heard of some pretty funny ones before.
Can you help determine if its worth it to refinance my home?
Is Elon Musk a self-made billionaire? I have heard conflicting reports about that.
What does affidavit mean?
How come airplanes don't crash when they're struck by lightning?
What artist cut off part of his ear?
what is the capital of Vermont
Can you tell me about the Red Scare? Why was the US so worried back then?
I came down with the flu. How can I ease my symptoms as it runs its course?
What is the most popular sport in the United States?
Does vitamin C supplementation help at all in regards to preventing the flu?
What are some good foods that include peas?
Is Windows 11 a free upgrade for Windows 10 users?
Hi, my little cousin wants to play red light, green light with me, but I've forgotten the rules, and he can't explain them. Can you tell me how the game is played so I can make the kid happy?
Hey! I procrastinated Christmas shopping so now I desperately need help planning last minute Christmas gifts
Why is my ac compressor not turning on in my car?
I have a part of a leather shoe where the stitching came undone. I know how to stitch cloth and pillows, but is leather stitching different?
If the Yellowstone volcano blows up, will the whole world go dark?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Persian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ghormeh Sabzi?
I want to find out if my data plan is unlimited.
How can I protect my wifi signal from being used by others?
What are some good Korean singers?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Syrniki?
I want to know more about Lady Gaga? Is she married?
I am writing a paper about Elon Musk. Can you tell me the most important contributions he has made to the scientific community?
What time is sunrise at this time of year?
What is a good drink to toast to on new years?
How many Rocky movies are there?
What are the different oceans in the world?
Can you explain the details of the concepts of training a dolphin like the ones at Sea World?
Why does my tap water stink?
Why do the Police sometimes handcuff people's hands in the front and other times in the back?
Is an LPN a good career?
How do I fix a small hole in drywall?
What steps do I need to take to close out an account with my bank. I don't want to call and ask the customer service line on their help line, it is never dependable. Can you help me out instead?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dorada a la parrilla?
I'm going to wine tasting in France and need some language help.
Find Sylvester Stallone movies
What cosmetics do people use to reduce wrinkles?
Hi! I'm trying to build a workout routine with a focus on growing my glutes. Do you have any advice?
What is quinine?
Find a tandoori chicken recipe
How do I get a baby to eat more solids?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Paling in’t groen?
How do you manage bookmarks in Google Chrome?
What steps do I have to take to become a pro NASCAR driver?
Why are some motorcycles so loud?
Should you whiten your teeth?
What are places to visit in Sacramento?
How is China's president elected?
I'm trying to negotiate a big deal with a large company. I don't have a lot of negotiation experience—how do I make sure I don't get screwed over?
Hi, I need to do a school report about the U.S. election system. Can you explain how presidential elections work in the United States?
I'm trying to encrypt work folders on my mac because I'm sending my computer in for servicing. How do I do this?
I am writing a paper about Elon Musk. Can you tell me the most important contributions he has made to the scientific community?
Hey! My 13 year old just got their period and I need some advice on how to teach her how to use a tampon without it being awkward.
Sometimes I have insane food cravings out of no where. Can you tell me some of the reasons why intense food cravings happen?
Hi, I'm in high school, and I'm interested in a career as a clinical psychologist. Can you tell me the steps I'll need to take to become one?
How do I make chilli?
What's a good way to make easy cake frosting?
Can you tell me how to caramelize onions?
I'm going on a bird-watching walk for the first time. What should I bring with me?
How do I teach my kids to speak French?
What are places to visit in Seattle?
How do you use a measuring cup correctly with dry ingredients like flour?
I was thinking that it might be fun to make a time capsule with my kids. How would I do that?
My bearded dragon isn't eating his greens. What can I do to make it more appealing?
can i teach an old dog tricks?
How do I make my own pizza dough?
How do you write data to a recordable DVD?
Should you buy a 4x4 vehicle for the winter?
I want to know which show is the highest-grossing production on Broadway?
What are some good brands of tequila?
what are the pros and cons of a water pik?
How do I check transmission fluid level on a car?
What are some dishes using blackberry?
What is an Empanada?
What are some good working for home jobs?
Can you tell me about the Red Scare? Why was the US so worried back then?
How much would it cost to go from New York City to Washington DC on Amtrak?
What were the two biggest empires in the history?
How do I make chamoy apples?
I'm travelling to Spain and need to learn some of the language.
What State has the strictest emission laws when it comes to private vehicles?
How do I make Indonesian fried rice?
Do you know of any good ways for a person to quit smoking cigarettes?
I want to know which show is the highest-grossing production on Broadway?
How can I make a faucet look streak free?
What is a very healthy exercise for people over 50?
What are some of the best movies directed by Martin Scorsese?
Does an automatic car wash get your car clean?
Help me with ordering for shoe size online.
What is UNESCO?
I want to make white rice. Can you help me?
What makes a reptile cold blooded, as compared to a hot blooded mammal?
How do I know if a girl I am dating wants to hold hands with me?
The Blue Lotus is a theme in much ancient Egyptian art. What is the significance to that culture?
Who discovered Michael Jordan, the basketball player?
I want to refinish a dresser that is older
Is celery a very nutritious vegetable? I've been considering adding to my diet.
I'm traveling to Delaware soon from Maryland. Can you tell me how long that will take if I drive by car?
Can you tell me a detailed guide for having good driving posture?
I'd like to learn a bit more about black holes and how they form. Can you help me out?
I'm trying to make money fast. Do you know any ways?
I just heard that the quarterback for the Packers has Covid Toe. What is that?
Do you have any good turkey sandwich recipes?
Can you give some examples of wind instruments?
Is it okay for my girls to watch Disney Princess movies?
How do you treat acne?
what are some ideas for a small wedding?
How do you "like" a video on YouTube?
what are ways to make money online from writing?
Can you tell me a bit about what overnight oats are?
What can you tell me about the origins of the Christmas holiday?
What times of day do mountain lions hunt?
How can I train my pet to listen to me
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mexican dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bacon Chilaquiles?
How do you keep sweat from getting into your eyes during workout?
What do I need to consider when choosing a good pair of hiking boots?
How do you clean the inside of an oven?
What does a flash flood warning mean?
Hi, I want to work on my front deltoids. Can you explain how to do a front raise for that, using either a barbell or dumbbells?
I haven't cleaned my gutters in a few years. What are the consequences of never cleaning them?
Is there a fine for littering in New York?
How do I get a needle out of my foot?
Can you give me a recipe for how to make homemade stuffed crust pizza?
How did the hamburger become such a popular fast food meal in the USA?
How does the brain work?
What is the difference between an IPA and a lager?
What are the benefits of union membership?
I'm taking a trip to Machu Picchu. Can you tell me about it?
How can I teach a dog to do an agility course?
Why do heart attacks always cause chest pain?
What were Donald Trump's accomplishments while he was the President of the United States
How can I clean my curtains?
What are some pressure points to use if I have a headache?
What is a good time of year to visit India?
What are some popular French desserts?
What do you know about the universe?
I want to host a high school reunion. How can I do this?
Can you tell me about defamation laws? I've heard that its near impossible to prove this in court.
I need to train for a 5k run, can you offer me any advice on how to prepare for this run?
How do I get better at using Spanish grammar?
How can I keep spiders out of my house?
How do you roll a cigarette?
Where did the idea of eggs and bacon as a breakfast food originate?
What are places I can visit in Sydney?
Is there any way that I can ripen cranberries that I bought from the store?
What can I see in Alamos, Sonora, Mexico?
I'm trying to bake a pumpkin pie from scratch.
What are places to visit in San Diego?
I have pure vanilla extract in my kitchen and want to use it for a recipe. Do you have a recipe for French toast that includes pure vanilla extract?
I need some advice on Christmas plans. Some of people I'm visiting aren't vaccinated against Covid-19 and refuse to take a rapid test before gathering. Should I go to the Christmas Eve dinner? It will be indoors
How did the planets get their names?
How can I make steak in the oven?
Can I dig a hole to China
How can I learn to project my voice?
How long can canned food last?
What does NASA stand for?
What are some of Jack Nicholson's best movie performances?
What are some ways I can improve my memory?
I want to make fried bananas. Do you have a recipe?
How strong is titanium?
How can I find the right computer desk to improve my posture?
I need to decide where to go on vacation
What are payday loans and why do people say to always avoid them?
Why is pork meat cheaper than beef?
Can you help find a list of things needed to set up a reptile tank?
What can I do to improve my credit score?
what is the age of Marriage consent in Vermont
How do I stop eyeliner from smudging?
What are some thoughtful mothers day phrases I can say to my mom?
What are the symptoms of Williams Syndrome?
What is slack?
How do I attract more hummingbirds in my yard?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dim Sum?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
What is a good way to teach my 11 year old son how to play checkers?
When was the Eiffel Tower constructed?
My kids want to camp in the backyard. What activities can we do there?
I'm trying to find new music to listen to
When did Jimi Hendrix die?
How do you keep from getting depressed?
I'd like a few bullet points for a paper I am writing about Harriet Tubman. I'd like to include a timeline of her life. Can you help?
How can I incorporate glow sticks into a party?
Search for Amy Adams movies
Which items should I keep in a first aid kit?
Find the ingredients in pumpkin pie
How should I react if a bear attacks me in the woods?
How can I motivate my child to do chores?
Why do words like Pneumonia and pneumatic have a silent 'p'?
How do I volunteer to be a poll worker for the election?
Which bands are similar to Pinback?
what are some things i can do in houston?
You've been very helpful. Let me buy you a drink.
I love having a variety of hair ties. How are hair ties made?
What should I do to treat a jammed finger?
what is the largest Bear in Alaska
Any tips on how to get good grill marks when grilling steaks?
How do treat skin abrasion?
I want to make cotton candy. Do I need a special machine?
I want to donate to a charity, but know that lots of charities don't use the money properly. Which charities are most efficient?
How are fire hoses manufactured?
Why do our stomachs rumble when we are hungry
Can you help me find the basics of bird watchin?
Is frozen yogurt actually yogurt, or is it just another type of ice cream?
Can you help me figure out how to make a tres leches cake with strawberries in it?
I want to make Christmas brownies. Do you have a good recipe?
What is the most UV resistant material known to man?
Describe the events leading to Pearl Harbor
Why do we eat turkey for Thanksgiving
I know that all living organisms share multiple characteristics that define life. Can you list and describe what those characteristics are?
Is broccoli good for you?
Search for Halsey songs
Can you help me find some Robert DeNiro movies?
At what age should kids start learning to ride a horse?
There's been a stray dog in my driveway all morning acting aggressively towards me. Who should I contact to get rid of it?
I have always been curious about how the internet works. Can you tell me how?
How do I keep owls away from chickens?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Raspeball?
Why are cows seen as holy in India?
Hi, I have a small raptor in my back yard that I'm trying to nurse back to health. How do I care for it? For starters, how, and what, do I feed it?
I am going on vacation soon.
I've read that fish don't feel pain. Is this true?
I'm trying to comfort a niece of mine, who got an F, on her exam at school. Any suggestions?
What is cumin used for?
How can I make a garden on a small apartment balcony?
Why do people's farts stink?
Hi! I want to go on vacation at a place where it snows. I'm looking to go on vacation in November. Where can I see snow in November?
What is the cause of common cold?
Did The Catcher In The Rye get banned in the UK?
What are some famous malls I can visit?
How do you play laser tag?
At what age can I be a babysitter?
How can I get blood out of cotton?
Are angels real?
Search mushroom quiche recipe
A bacon cheeseburger recipe
What is a gyro?
I'm going on a bird-watching walk for the first time. What should I bring with me?
I am doing a paper on Ernest Hemingway. What are some important facts I should include in my paper?
Can you explain what cupping therapy is?
What are some places to visit in New Jersey?
How many years do you go to jail for committing manslaughter?
Search for a french crepes recipe
What are some ideas for a pool party?
What time of the year is it best for fishing Bass?
What was the first TV that people could actually buy?
What are good ways to learn about US History?
How do I make homemade baked beans?
Did the original peoples of Alaska have a limited access to fruits and vegetables?
Do you know anything about using google sheets?
What 's the best home workout routine?
when should I prune my roses
What is a bisque?
How do you make your own oatmeal bars?
What is the most simple way to make your own bread
How do I bob for apples?
I want to play a trivia game. Let's see how well you do. Question One: How many legs does a spider have?
Should you get your child vaccinated for HPV?
How do I avoid my baby getting eaten by mosquitoes when sleeping?
Do you know if anyone lives in Antarctica
What are some little ways I can save money in my daily life?
What foods are high in fiber?
Should I make baby food or should I buy it? Gerber is a good brand.
Is a shotgun good for home defense?
What are the symptoms of bubonic plague in humans?
What is a blizzard warning?
What does waxing your car do to protect the paint job?
I was wondering if you could tell me how to make edible water bubbles. I heard about them from a friend.
What are the benefits of working from home?
Hi! I'm looking for some advice on how to stay more hydrated throughout the day
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
Should I use an electric toothbrush?
I've heard about the concept of guardian angels. Do they exist, and what types are there?
Can you tell me the cooking time for a cut of beef in the oven?
What is a good way to organize toys?
What if I cough up blood?
I have recently discovered mukbang videos on Youtube. Why do people record themselves eating food?
How can my child help take care of the cat?
How much money should I save for a down payment on a house?
Where can I take a car battery to get it tested?
I know the operation PEMDAS, but what is BODMAS?
What is a full moon?
How can I remove an ink stain from my clothes?
Are there herbal supplements that are useful as combusted smoke, or vape?
Who was John the Baptist?
Can you tell me how a real estate investment fund works?
How do I help my friend that is afraid of needles and needs their blood drawn?
Why do some people have an intolerance to lactose?
I need to deep clean my bathroom. What steps should I take?
What are salads that have honey as an ingredient in them?
Can you tell me how to find my local surfing conditions today?
How can I find my way out if I'm lost in the woods?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tcharek?
What is a blue law
Who was Picasso?
How do I know if a newborn is hungry?
How can I thaw frozen meat quickly?
How do you relieve congestion in a baby?
What's that very long pointy part on a swordfish is for? Do they even use it for hunting? Like a spear?
Where did tortilla come from? Did it come from Mexico or Spain?
How do you house train a dog?
I'd like to try making some Mexican food but I've never done it before. What dish would you recommend for a beginner?
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
Who was the 4th president?
Does piyo help you lose weight?
What can you tell me about Julius Caesar
need suggestions on passive income
What should I take for a picnic?
are fisher cats dangerous
what are some good game shows about trivia
What's your favorite song?
What are the benefits of drinking cows milk?
What are some good German beers?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Latkes?
Hi, I'd like to make my own cheese ravioli. Can you give me a recipe for doing that?
Would you describe the major news stories as essential and important? Why, or why not?
How do I do a pinata with kids?
What is Christianity?
what are some good japanese anime shows for boys?
At what age can I expect my toddler to start cleaning up after themselves?
Can you tell me about the history and structural details of the Leaning Tower of Pisa, and why it leans?
I heard chinchillas make interesting pets. Is this true?
What can I see in Istanbul? I will fly from Los Angeles to Bali and I will have a long layover in Istanbul.
Find Chris Evans movies
What is the difference between a firefighter and an EMT?
Can you tell me how a cell phone gets its signal from cell phone network.
How do you clean a muddy doormat?
Hi, I recently inherited my great-uncle's Luger P08 pistol. Can you explain how to operate this old gun, beginning with what type of ammo I need to buy for it?
Why is sitting too close to the TV bad?
Does Mass Effect have good gunplay?
I have $2000 that I want to invest for my future. What would you suggest?
I know of someone who does not understand the PEMDAS method of solving math equations. What is the best way to explain this to her.
Why don't cartoon characters wear pants?
I want to bake a cake for my wife's birthday. Do you have any good recipes?
I need to lose 5 pounds by next week. How unhealthy is it to only eat a couple hundred calories a day as an adult male?
Do you know much about vaping?
be more romantic with my wife who seem cold as of late
How do I put a baby to sleep who is agitated but just won't fall asleep?
Do you know of a recipe for cilantro lime rice?
How can I fry foods without the food sticking to the pan?
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
Did any of Henry Fonda's children have success in Hollywood?
What are some fun star wars costumes?
Can you teach me about making grape jelly?
What are some good toys to buy for an older child?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
My wife watches a lot of true crime and she is wondering, what are the stages of human decomposition?
what is the point of paypal?
I want to know Beyonce's personal life since she is my favorite singer.
I've heard that Uma Thurman has done charity work. She's a great actress. I'm curious what you might know about her work?
I'm thinking about buying a slow cooker (or crock pot). Can you tell me about them?
What happens when there's a mistrial in a court case?
Is Santa Claus real?
How old was Elvis Presley when he died?
What type of animals is on Levi’s logo?
I'm trying to learn how to play chess better. Can you provide me with some strategy books on the game?
find a recipe for chicken gumbo
What is the safest way to do fireworks?
Could you provide me steps on making a strawberry pie?
How do you make homemade laundry detergent?
These days, many times, people like to animate videos of TED talks, or speeches. Why is animating speeches such a popular theme these days?
How do you test for proper tension on a car's serpentine belt?
Is there a big difference between the temperature at night and during the day at this time of year?
How many steps should I walk a day?
I live in Florida and I saw a crocodile in my backyard. What do I do?
What is the most successful American actor of all time?
What are good ways to cool down on a summer day?
I have not been falling asleep fast enough. Any advice how to improve it without medication?
Can cats be taught to walk on a leash?
What's easy to remove masking tapes?
I'm considering putting my elderly parents into a home because they can no longer take care of themselves. However, I'm concerned about elder abuse issues. What should I do?
If I make a verbal contract is it legally binding?
How do I deal with dry eyes?
How do I make tomato flavored rice?
What is the best time of the year to plant new orchids?
I
How can I make homemade peanut butter?
Does listening to music help your workout?
What is the proper way to do a handshake?
With the new year coming up, I'm ready to make some resolutions. How can I keep myself motivated to keep my resolutions?
Is getting xrayed harmful?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rouladen?
What is menopause?
Who is Nat King Cole?
Hi, I have some DVD folders on my computers, and I'd like to convert them into smaller, single files, that any device can play. Can you explain how to do that?
Who is Guy Fieri
What are some ways that I can get rich quickly?
What does a Phd mean?
Do sharks have tongues?
Will the post office pick up boxes you want to mail?
Can you give me a recipe for preparing lasagne?
How do you unsubscribe from a YouTube channel?
What's the difference between alphabets and hieroglyphs?
How can I make clay beads?
How do i get a baby used to his new nanny?
I want to learn how to spatchcock a turkey for roasting.
I'm going to a party and need to bring chips and dip. What are some popular dip ideas?
Find a egg casserole recipe
Can you help my choose a gift for my female partner, she's thirty years old and we've been together for eight years.
Where is mount everest located?
how can i cheer up a baby who misses his parents?
What are some good clothes to wear to a semi formal dance?
What type of green tea has the highest l theanine content?
What are some cold cuts I can put in my sandwich?
What's a good way to sharpen my kitchen knives?
Beethoven always produced such complex works. I'm curious about his origins, where he was born and grew up.
What is a good present for a girl who loves unicorns?
I want to make cheese omelette. What type of cheese should I buy?
When was the first Pokémon video game released in North America?
How long does it take a person to learn how to play the piano?
Is there any way that I can ripen cranberries that I bought from the store?
How do I keep my hair from getting so many knots?
Which is better, and ipad or a kindle fire tablet?
Can you teach me how to perform CPR? Please compile the instructions in a listed format.
I'm trying to find new music to listen to
What kind of privacy settings are there on a PC to make it safe for a child to use?
Hi, I'm pretty unfamiliar with the work of the King of Pop. Can you give me suggestions for a playlist of Michael Jackson's best, and most popular, songs?
How dangerous are pitbulls compared to other dogs? I hear stories about them attacking people all the time.
Can you tell me what CBD is?
What are some pros and cons of cellphone usage?
I'm trying to find the lyrics to American Pie
Is it true that college is free in Sweden?
How do I live a more sustainable lifestyle?
I'm a new homeowner and want to get a basic toolbox to keep at my house. What are some basic and essential tools?
How can I make a piping bag?
I’m moving into a new house tomorrow and need help figuring out what I should buy for the house
I am trying to add more protein to my meals. What are some good sources of protein?
Is there a limit to how high we can build a skyscraper building?
find a good nursing home for my mother
What can I use as dipping sauce for green apples?
Who is Anais Mitchell?
Is it possible to go from black hair to blonde hair with hair dye?
How can I help to comfort someone who is in the hospital when I know they probably won't be getting out?
How does Google Photos work?
Can rust be removed from metal?
What are some good tropical flavored popsicles I can make at home?
Hi! My dog has picked up the bad habit of barking lately and I want to teach him not to bark. How do I do that?
How many major waves of immigration were there after American was colonized?
Can you recommend some fun kids' movies that came out in the last few years?
How do you edit a bookmark in Google Chrome?
Who is Bill Gates?
How do jewellers rate diamonds?
Can you help me write a paper about the Reconstruction Era in the United States?
What does it mean when a baby animal imprints?
How can I tell if a friend is depressed?
How can I learn how to ride a bicycle?
How are glass windows made?
can you explain synonyms
Do you have any suggestions on how to phrase questions to AI?
How do I get a toddler to stop throwing a tantrum?
DO you know how to build a camp fire?
What's a fancy dessert I can make my girlfriend for her birthday?
Can you tell me about the inside of the White House, such as the executive residence and the wings and the grounds?
Is a parrot a good pet for a child?
What is the worst prison in the US to be sentenced time to?
How do I roast Brazilian nuts?
Please tell me about The Battle of Waterloo.
What are some fun things to do in Pittsburgh PA
Should I use a loofah?
Is a registered nurse a good career?
What is the best way to catch a mouse in a trap
I want to learn more about the Lebanon Crisis.
Is it hard to become a speech language pathologist?
Hi! I'm trying to get a nighttime routine going for my 1 year old. Do you have any advice for me?
What is a blancmange?
How can I teach kids about cooperation?
Can you recommend a good nature documentary for me to watch?
What are pros and cons of the Ring security system?
How do I turn off the water main to my house?
What are some of the benefits of reading a book a week?
What are some good sides to go with ribs?
I’m looking for a new crockpot recipe.
Can you help me make guacamole?
I'm planning a trip to Sydney, Australia. Can you point me in the direction of some popular tourist spots and attractions?
Which flowers are commonly used by the the perfume industry?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
What does the phrase "a stitch in time saves nine" mean?
How do I deal with sleep paralysis?
Which is more important, motivation or discipline?
How do I learn how to sew?
How do you make a bruise go away faster?
What is the temperature to cook a pot roast perfectly?
How do run flat tires work?
Is boxing bad for health?
What is a red supergiant?
How can I set up a romantic dinner at home? \
How do you fly a kite?
Why was Bill Clinton impeached during his presidency?
How do I clean an upholstered chair?
What are some good pretzel dips?
My son has just gone to high school but he is really nervous. HOw can I help him>
Can you tell me about defamation laws? I've heard that its near impossible to prove this in court.
What are good smoking cessation ideas?
How do I make my kids grow up bilingual?
How do I remove blackheads from my face?
How can I tell if my vision is getting worse?
What are some chocolate-based desserts in French cuisine?
Why do fruits grow on trees while other foods like vegetables grow in the ground?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
Can you help me find a recipe for Shephards Pie?
What are the origins of leprechauns?
What are some fun decorations for a birthday cake for a child?
What should I do if I know a coworker is violating company rules?
How do you pack fragile items when moving house?
Can you tell me the basic things that Republicans believe in? What are their general political positions on topics?
What are the best Clint Eastwood movies?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Har Gow?
How can I get better at keeping secrets?
What is the best fitness app?
I want to read a book on my upcoming vacation. Can you recommend one? I really liked the Robert Langdon series.
What are the basics of table manners or dining etiquette?
Hey! I've tried every skincare under the sun and yet i still tend to get cystic acne in the winter. Any ideas on how to help?
What are the best places to get falafel in Palo Alto?
How do you remove a phone's back plate?
How corrosion resistant is lead?
How do you quit a job?
How does a catalytic converter in a car work?
What can my kids make out of blocks?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Saice?
I would like to see the new Matrix movie. Could you tell me a little about the previous movies in the series so I can catch up?
What are some simple ways to improve my appearance?
What's your favorite movie?
I need help writing a short story for University. It has to be 500 words, but I don't know where to start.
How do I make honey tea?
I have pure vanilla extract in my kitchen and want to use it for a recipe. Do you have a recipe for French toast that includes pure vanilla extract?
I'd like to soothe a friend who recently broke one of their fingers. Do you have suggestions?
I have to study for an English Literature exam, can you help me prepare?
Can you describe the character Fox Mulder from the X Files?
Hi, assistant
How can I store food if I don't have a pantry?
How do I make banana bread?
I'm taking a trip to Seattle. Can you tell me some attractions or landmarks to check out?
Is there a correlation between being able to learn multiple languages and how intelligent someone is? I've read conflicting things about this.
How is milk chocolate made?
How do I make sunny side up eggs?
I'm trying to find out what the most dangerous shark is. Can you help?
I'm looking to hunt wild turkey this year and could use some information.
How can I reset the SMC on my Macbook Air?
What were piano strings made out of in historical times?
Where is NATO's headquarters?
Do you like stories?
I'm in the mood for country music, like Taylor Swift, or Blake Edwards. Any suggestions?
What is a root canal?
How can I safely dumpster dive?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
I planted some bamboo in the garden and its getting out of control and spreading to my neighbors yard. How do you kill bamboo?
Can you tell me about the life of Barack Obama
What can a notary help you with?
I'm having a tooth pulled so I won't be able to eat solid food for a few days. What are some soft foods I can eat instead?
What body language should I avoid engaging in during a job interview?
What is inflation and is it bad?
Can you tell me some history of Bill Gates?
What are things to see in Patagonia, AZ?
How can I get my grandma a handicap placard?
What are the best websites to find job listings?
What is Chicago-style pizza?
What company developed that popular video game Final Fantasy VII?
How can I mix paints?
How do you figure out what your IP address is?
How long do goldfish live?
I'm trying to find a list of the most popular christmas songs
Is chewing sugarless gum good?
What are the beliefs of scientology?
I am trying to find out what the smallest country is in the world. What is it?
Please tell me about John G. Roberts, Jr.. Who appointed him to the Supreme Court?
What are the types of trees you can find in the state of Maryland?
Can you explain to me how gravity works?
How can I help to make an adopted child feel more welcome in a new home?
What are some ways to stay awake when I'm tired?
How do I make a pizza from scratch?
My vacuum cleaner just died and I need to buy a new one. Can you help me decide which one would be best for cleaning my apartment?
Can you explain to me the process of jury selection?
What is the difference between hardneck and softneck garlic?
What year did the first Doom game release?
What are some good jazz singers?
Salt water taffy seems to be a popular snack on the coast. When did that become so popular as a coastal candy?
What to do at McArthur-Burney Falls Memorial State Park?
Can I make a doctors appointment for my daughter?
Does the bible mention people eating chicken?
How do I screen print a tshirt?
Hi, I want to learn to play horseshoes. Can you teach me?
What kinds of foods did they eat in Ancient China
What is an echocardiogram?
Hey! I work in a bar, and often I work until 3am, but I'm trying to get on a better sleep schedule so that I don't sleep past 1pm so often
What is a good recipe for flavorful baked chicken breast? Mine always come out so bland.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tomato Bredie?
How can you make your home look nicer?
Did Coca Cola really used to have cocaine in it?
I want to make a cheese plate. What are some popular cheeses for that?
Can you tell me how to register my business with a business license?
My toilet has been running non-stop. I heard there is an easy fix for this?
Can you give me a good spaghetti sauce recipe, from scratch?
I would like to learn how to whistle, can you help?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
What's an effective way to clean algae off vinyl sidings?
Recently the company I work for went back to working in the office and is phasing out working at home. I'm fine with that, I guess, however most people in the office are against wearing masks and I would prefer it, especially since the company is not mandating that everyone be vaccinated. So I don't really know how to navigate this new chapter in the pandemic.
I have heard that being too agreeable can be a problem. Can you tell me how being too agreeable can be a downside?
How do you purchase a product in a store using Bitcoin, if they accept it?
What kinds of snakes are common in Florida?
how do i encourage kids to be altruistic?
What does a first responder do?
How do I dress for a Sunday Service?
How do you make chocolate chip cookies
What are some crochet ideas for a beginner?
Is vitamin E good for dry skin?
How can I cool down my mouth after eating spicy food?
Is it okay to wash shoes in a washing machine?
What do I do for a baby goat who lost its mom
What do I do about a spine that feels misaligned after childbirth?
Is a firefighter a good occupation?
I feel like me and my friend have become distant and I need some advice on staying in touch with them
How do I meditate?
What is U.S. Air Force?
I need a new laptop, I want some suggestions!
What is a millennial?
George Gershwin seem to be quite prolific. What are his most popular productions?
You got any tips on Jigsaw puzzles?
I want to help an environment and one way I can think of is through changing the way I do laundry. What green ways can I do laundry?
I need to write a sentence that doesn't contain the letter "e". Can you help me?
How can I tell my boyfriend I love him?
How can you press flowers?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
How often should I get a check up at my gynecologist?
Is there a certain way that firewood should be stacked for storage?
How do you clean the lens of a camera?
So many movies have themes of time travel, but they're mostly fiction. Do physicists have much proof about time travel, if it's possible?
I want to learn more about the Turkish War of Independence, can you help me?
How can I make a salad from home?
Hi, we're multiplying fractions in math now, and I'm having some trouble. Can you explain how to do this?
When was the first pizza made in the United States?
What should I do when escaping a fire in a house?
I am going to the store soon and feel that I could do better at picking out avocados. Can you help me to learn to tell which ones are ripe?
What are some musicals I can enjoy with my kids?
My cat has been ruining some things with her claws. How can I file them down?
what are some good thanksgiving desserts?
Whats the best way to cook white rice without it coming out too dry?
I've just started learning Spanish online, but I'm having trouble with the vocabulary. Can you recommend any resources or techniques?
Are import cars still popular?
Where do car companies get the idea for the colors they use on new cars?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gudeg Jogja?
Can you help walk me through on how to change a car battery?
Can you tell me the steps for getting a harbor boat slip for my sailboat?
I have to study for an English Literature exam, can you help me prepare?
What can I dip crunchy pretzels in?
Like to see a new movie. I have heard that Sydney Poitier has had some great movies. Do you know of any?
I feel like I've been spending too much time browsing online. How can I cut back on my internet time?
I need to get my kid a Covid Vaccine.
What would be a good wedding gift from a group of people?
What's the best iPhone game?
Is it true that toothpaste can be use to remove stains from surface?
How do you put the top up in a convertible?
How do blood tests for food sensitivities work?
how does cryptocurrency work?
I'm trying to make pesto. Do you have a good recipe?
What are some fun star wars costumes?
Can I save dried out nail polish?
Is celery a very nutritious vegetable? I've been considering adding to my diet.
My ear has been ringing for as long as I can remember. Why is this?
What is the average intellectual level of the United States?
What are traditional indonesian foods?
I just moved to a new country and want to know, how do I learn a new language quickly?
What's a good way to make communities stronger following a disaster?
how do I support someone who is depressed?
What is the song American Pie about?
What is the difference between a jam and a jelly?
What is the easiest way to make white rice?
How do you take care of and clean a pair of leather boots?
How do I fry perfect french fries?
When is ice hockey season?
How do you treat a cold sore?
I am having second thoughts about my career but I feel like it's too late to switch now. How do I start over and find a new career?
I would like to buy noise-cancelling headphones, but I have no idea which ones are good. Any advice?
My twins hate each other. What can I do?
My friends never seem to want to talk or hang out with me. Why do you think this is?
How do you take your coffee?
Which video games are similar to the Halo series?
how do i prevent the computer screen from hurting my eyes?
Where is a close pharmacy nearby Bay Ridge Brooklyn?
when was the iphone 7 released?
What age can a baby have a haircut?
Do you have any tips for rope jumping?
I have a persistent dry cough that I've been dealing with for a few days. What can I do to minimize the coughing? After the covid pandemic people are nervous about coughs, so I'd rather not be coughing in public.
How do I collect chicken eggs from my chickens?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
What were the two biggest empires in the history?
What are the pros and cons of eating eggs?
How do I make thumbprint cookies?
I'm looking to buy my first home. Can you tell me about the different types of mortgages?
I've always been a pretty picky eater but I want to expand my tastes. I live in a pretty big city with all sorts of food, so what kind of ethnic cuisine do you think I should order?
How do car dealerships asses the trade in value of a car?
What are some interesting salty breads I can make in my bread machine?
Can you explain how leap year work?
What is an automated weather station?
Should I feed a stray dog or call the SPCA?
What can I see in Belize?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Usban?
I have two ribeyes that I want to cook on my charcoal grill. I've never used a grill before though. Can you help?
How common are twins?
Are music classes good for babies/
Is it true the US has territory that isn't part of the 50 states?
How did early man navigate the oceans without GPS?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Pakistani dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Aloo Baingan?
Do you happen to have a recipe for a mai tai with white rum in it?
How do I keep my panty hose from running?
How does a smart gird work for powering a countries electric grid?
Hi, I'd like to start playing canasta. Can you explain the rules to me?
What year was the first video game handheld released?
How did the planets get their names?
what are natural remedies for asthma?
What's the best way to stay protected, during a hail storm?
I recently learned that I'm diabetic, but I'm really nervous around needles. Is there a way for me to take care of my diabetes with insulin without using needles and shots?
Who won the superbowl in 2014
In what year did the first video game go public?
I want to build a website for my gardening business. Would WordPress or Joomla be best for a novice to start with?
What are good ideas for a sleepover birthday party?
What things should I buy for my 3rd grade daughter's first day of school?
How do I properly nail something to do the wall?
What is the best way to make a grocery list?
how do i learn to fly a kite?
I'm thinking of getting my concealed carry permit due to the rising crime where I live. What do I need to know about this?
what is a good meal plan
I get very tired in the afternoon and have to nap
I would like to learn some information about Dungeons and Dragons.
What does living in a democracy mean?
How do I get my child to want to interact with other kids?
Can you recommend foods that can help with building muscle?
I read somewhere that I should rotate my car tires every time I get an oil change. Is that right?
Why do humans have to cook meat to eat it, but animals can eat it raw without getting sick?
What do I buy as a present for a child who loves animals?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
Could you help me learn how to bake a double chocolate cake?
My daughter got chewing gum stuck in her hair. I need to know how I can get it out without having to cut her hair.
How do I fix a small leak in the roof?
How do I become less intoxicated while drinking?
I have just arrived in Thailand and want to travel to Pai. Can you tell me a few things that I can do there?
Can you tell me about food traditions that originate from Mexico?
How can I reduce swelling from being hit in the face
What are the most common foods in the kitchen, that cause disease? I read an article stating that potatoes could be potentially quite dangerous if not stored correctly.
I have a DVD that has been scratched. Is there a good way to polish it smooth again so the DVD will play again?
How do I fly a kite?
I've had a macbook for 10 months and the battery capacity is already down to 85%. What should I do to check whether this is normal or not?
Can a hernia be repaired?
Can you tell me how to enter the Tour de France?
My child is really into Barney but I'm tired of it. What other shows could I encourage him to watch?
Hi, I need to find the volume of a cone for math class. Can you explain how to do that?
How do I make my house have a minimalistic look?
What is the best way to melt ice on my driveway?
I'm interested in trying out being an instacart shopper. Do you know anything about this job?
I want to start my own business, just a small one to start. What type of business is the best these days?
How do I get the right aspect ratio to make a profile photo on social media?
What are some of the best sitcoms of all time?
What is a logical fallacy?
What can you eat after wisdom tooth surgery?
What are some fun things i can build out of legos with a ten year old?
There's a new movie coming out starring Kristen Stewart called Spencer. What's this movie about?
How do I stop rabbits from eating my plants?
What is a heart murmur?
Can you recommend me some bands that are similar to Metallica?
I'm looking to take some ibuprofen medication for a low grade fever and some mild inflammation and pain, but I heard that taking ibuprofen too much can eventually cause damage to organs or bodily functions. What are your thoughts on taking medication for mild symptoms?
How can I obtain my truck drivers license?
Do you have any cocktail recipes that originate from Spain?
I need to start saving money, can you help me set up a basic budget?
Do you know how to make macaroni and cheese?
Can monkeys swim?
What does a life coach do?
How do solar panels work?
How can I reduce a fever?
I see a lot of peoples' names in movie credits for jobs like best boy, grip, and camera operator. How many different aspects go into making a movie?
I'd like to dye my hair fun colors, but I don't know what I need to buy to dye my hair safely. What tools or products do I need?
I was wondering if you could tell me how to make edible water bubbles. I heard about them from a friend.
What is a good budget generator for powering appliances such as televisions?
Are egg substitutes as nutritious as real eggs?
Who were Romeo & Juliette
can you give me an easy cornbread recipe?
I'm trying to bake a pumpkin pie from scratch.
What is the difference between the ingredients in Hot Chocolate verses Mexican hot chocolate?
Write a poem for my lonely grandpa
What are some good tea recommendations?
Please compile a list of the steps that I would need to take in order to legally change my name.
How do you get over stage fright?
should i get one dog or two?
I tend to sweat more than the average person when I exert myself, how do I keep my body dry?
I have a large 3000 piece puzzle I'm starting to put together and I'm wondering if there are any strategies for successfully completing large puzzles?
how can i keep my house warm in the winter?
Who is the lead singer of Imagine Dragons?
How do I tie a fishing hook on a line?
I want to make corn bread the way people in south make it. Do you have a recipe for that?
Can you describe how an autonomous car works?
how do i properly vacuum a carpet?
I'm looking to learn more about different yoga styles, do you have any information on Yin Yoga?
Do you know in which country Buddha was born?
How do you clean a velvet couch?
What is the advance child tax credit?
I want to learn the history of the Constitution of the United States of America.
How do you put the top up in a convertible?
how many hours should i let my teen work?
How do you make an apple pie?
Find a recipe for strawberry french toast
How do I improve my home decor while being on a tight budget?
I lost my passport any idea on how I can get a new one?
What do I buy a girl who loves disney princesses?
Can you give me some information about the passover holiday?
How does Carvana work?
Find what year Bob Ross died
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
How do I learn how to read tarot Cards?
Why do women wear white at a wedding?
How do you choose a sunscreen?
I really like Western movies. Can you recommend some popular ones?
Can you tell me what type of insurance is needed to drive into Mexico from the US?
What are some toys I can get my kids to help them exercise?
Does Chinese always have rice?
Why do old men usually have very big noses compared to when they were younger?
Which video game company developed the game called Uncharted?
Looking for Sarah Michelle Gellar movies
Which TV series are similar to The X-Files?
What is a better choice for home defense? A shotgun or a handgun?
How do I teach a child to count to ten?
In a list using semicolons, is there a semicolon before the word 'and'?
Search for chocolate chip banana bread recipe
I'm looking to open a bar and need to obtain a liquor license. I live in Albuquerque, New Mexico. How would I go about obtaining that license?
Can you describe the Korean War for me?
How can I be more humble?
How can you dry out a wet basement?
Would you be able to provide me information on making a vegan friendly pizza?
I'm considering putting my elderly parents into a home because they can no longer take care of themselves. However, I'm concerned about elder abuse issues. What should I do?
how do i keep my toothbrush clean?
Search for songs by TI
How do you potty train a puppy?
What is Swagbucks?
Can you teach me how to put on contact lens?
I heard the computer vulnerability, log4J, is harmful malware that can access personal information. Do you know anything about this?
What are some meat toppings I can put on pizza?
I'm going to Germany and need to add some words to my vocabulary. Can you help?
I have been feeling bored lately and want to do some new things. What are some ways that I can make my life more exciting?
How do I plant and care for a lemon tree?
Can you help me find Bill Murray movies?
What are some good games I will enjoy if I like Minecraft?
I would like to build my own backyard shed.
Can you remind me in a month that I have a dentist appointment?
I have heard that the moon is getting farther away from the Earth, why is this?
was babe ruth black
Why did ancient Egyptians store the organs of the dead, when they mummified their bodies?
What's a good keyboard for office work that costs under $40 and has buttons for playing music and other keys that can be bound to certain commands?
Can you give me some tips on learning a foreign language?
How do I make raspberry vinegar?
Was Walt Disney the original creator of Mickey Mouse?
How do I get a book published?
How long will copper last for before it completely corrodes?
I have to teach someone the concept of expanded notation
Build a patio using cement
How do I make a Mediterranean salad?
What is the best way to decorate a Christmas tree?
How do I know if a cut is infected?
Who has won the most Olympic gold medals of all time?
what are some good korean SUVs?
What are some of the dangers associated with being an electrician?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Egusi soup?
In what locations of the Untied States can lemon tress grow?
How long does it take to create a new breed of dog?
How do cameras work? I don't understand how a picture can be taken.
Where is Singapore?
What are some common ways that I can flirt with a woman? I'm pretty clueless about this!
I overheard the term "Schrodinger's cat" being used and I'm not sure I know what it is. Can you explain it to me?
I have to write about a famous historical event that took place at the beginning of the Twentieth Century, can you help?
Why is red clay, red in color?
How can I stop slurring my speech?
What are bath bombs
How did Elon Musk get so much money?
How can I come out to my parents?
I have to teach a child who the people are in a court. There are many different people working inside the court room, who are they? Can you help me identify them?
What happens in a baseball game?
What, if any, are the cultural difference between French cinema and American cinema?
What are countries that speak English as an official language?
i want to learn to play the piano
i'm trying to stay awake. what can i do? my head keeps dropping.
How do I give a good back massage?
What happened with George Floyd in 2020 that sparked national protests and riots?
I'm trying to spend less money on eating out, but I miss my favorite Mexican restaurant. What are some Mexican dishes I can make at home?
How do I get better at bargaining?
What is the life expectancy expected to be within the next hundred years?
I'm trying to get into shape. What are some good cardio activities I can do?
Are there any new TV shows premiering in 2022?
Are there alot of natural herbs that can sometimes elevate mood. One is called mucuna extract. it's supposedly raises dopamine levels. Have you heard anything about it?
The movie Chinatown was pretty intense and violent. Won awards too. Do you know the general plot of the movie?
How do you adjust the video quality on YouTube?
What does a voice actor do?
What are some sweet treats I can make with my grilled cheese maker?
Why did people buy all the toilet paper when they didn't need that much?
What is the best climate to grow watermelons in?
What recommendations do you have for TV shows to watch?
What are some interesting ideas for hot chocolate?
Could you help me learn how to make sugar cookies?
Can you tell me about the flavor of oregeno?
How can I make myself stick to a budget?
How many glasses of water should people drink every day, on average?
How do I get a cat to shed less?
How do I set a formal dinner table?
What was The Holocaust?
Can you suggest games based on story telling?
Is the US's education better than Sweden's educational system?
When was the first Pokémon video game released in North America?
How do I decorate my house for Thanksgiving?
How do I get a college scholarship
Do you think the US will ever add more states to the union?
I really like pasta, but want to get more protein in my life. How can I make pasta dishes healthier?
What was The Holocaust?
What's the "lightning pose" recommended for people to do in the backcountry if they're caught in a lightning storm?
how do i help a baby with a cold to sleep?
What should you write in a letter of resignation?
What are some good tips for a novice mountain climber?
How do you keep your balance when playing ice hockey?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dorada a la parrilla?
I'm doing math and need help figuring out how to find the square root of a number
What are the three ghosts in A Christmas Carol?
What should I tell my kids to show them I'm proud of them?
How do you compute for a square root of a number?
I have a brother that has a very high-stress job. I am trying to come up with some ideas on how he can manage the stress that he is feeling at work.
Which Kardashian do you hate the most?
Can you find which camera lens allows wide angle shots?
how can i troubleshoot the bluetooth on my phone?
I am trying to decide whether we went to the moon in 1969 or whether it was a hoax. It seems very odd that we haven't gone back since and the footage seems fake. what do you think?
What are the best items to buy for low prices on Black Friday?
What should I do if a fly lands on my food?
my child likes sesame street. what are some other similar shows?
Where can I go in Orlando with kids?
I'm trying to throw a Super Bowl party. What kinds of things should I do?
Why does brine cause a potato to float?
How can I learn basic HTML code?
I want to make corn tortillas. Do you have a recipe?
I am an artist and need some inspiration for a new piece I'm working on. Can you recommend any modern abstract artists?
How does Google Play work?
What is the best way to clean house windows without leaving streaks?
My mom just got a new dog. I want to get some toys for it. What do you recommend?
I got stung by a bee for the first time just now. What should I do?
What are ways to fix a run on sentence?
What is a console war?
How do you play truth or dare?
Where can I get coupons for purchases I make online?
How can I replace the battery in my car?
Is it possible to build up a tolerence to the cold overtime?
Find Neil Diamond best songs
What kind of vegetables are easy to grow in my own garden?
How many stars are there in the night sky?
Hi, I have to do a report for my history class on slavery of the U.S.. Can you help me to understand the historical context of slavery here, why it began, and when and how it ended?
How do I fall asleep quicker after waking up?
Are there any vegetables that I can plant in the fall?
What kind of puzzle toys are good for ten year olds?
Hi, I want to work on my hamstrings. Can you teach me how to do a stiff legged deadlift for that, with either a barbell or dumbbells?
What to do at McArthur-Burney Falls Memorial State Park?
How do I clean the outside of my computer?
What is the best riddle you know?
I'm trying to pick a location for a spring break vacation. Can you help me with some popular destinations?
Would you be able to help me figure out how to draw a perfect circle by giving me advice on how to do so?
What is the best kind of dog to get for a small boy?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Elmussalammiya?
What are wormholes?
Do you think there's any link between violence in videogames and media and violence in the real world? For example, playing shooter videogames and mass shootings.
Do you think you can give me some help on how to build a bird house?
Can you give me instructions for Installing a solar panel on my roof?
Why did the USA invade Iraq during the Bush presidency?
How come divers need to depressurize when they don't even dive that far down in the ocean, yet we can fly thousands of feet in the air without issues?
I'm trying to decide what to do for my birthday in my area
I have an abundance of potatoes. What are some dishes I can make with them?
How can I earn money online at home?
How can I remove hair from my legs with wax?
I read that there is a surgery you can get to make you taller. Is this true?
My doctor told me I have high cholesterol. Can you tell me exactly what cholesterol is?
A friend was talking about ticks today. What is the best way to remove a tick if it connects to you?
How do you stretch your legs out when you have cramps?
What is it like to feel free?
What are some spicy chips I can enjoy?
What exercises should I do to improve core strength?
What are some good food options that can be made in bulk?
How can I make my clothes whiter?
Joan of Arc was canonized as a saint. Was she Catholic?
How do I get my kids to remove the lunchboxes from their backpacks?
What can I do for Lunar new year?
How can I show my child to carry a number when adding double digits?
How do I refinish a hardwood floor?
How can I make .gifs out of video files?
How can I help my anxious friend?
How can I improve my basketball shooting accuracy?
How can I get better at storytelling?
How can I make a pillow out of a shirt?
What is Pizza ai frutti di mare?
I need a list of "big box retailers" in the US.
What is a root canal?
I want to start a youtube channel but I dont know where to begin, can you help?
What are some fruits to aid in digestion for baby?
Who were the members of The Beatles?
What is a tart?
Why did the NFL decide to for the players to start wearing helmets?
I'm throwing a pizza party for my 10 year old son. Can you make sure I'm prepared?
How do you write data to a recordable DVD?
What are some good websites for beginners to trade stocks on?
Are Chromebooks a good first choice for kids?
What are some ways to identify biases in an article?
What age group has the highest divorce rate?
Who is considered the best basketball player of all time and why?
How do I learn to use a saw?
How do you negotiate your salary?
How can I tie dye shoes?
I'm planning a special anniversary date for my girlfriend next week. What are some good things we can do together?
Do you know what kind of beer goes well with pretzels?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
How do I know if I have covid?
How did Houdini die?
Find a spaghetti squash recipe
Should people limit their alcohol consumption?
Find the ingredients in Diet Mountain Dew
Why did they start banning plastic grocery bags everywhere?
What language should I learn that is spoken worldwide?
Hello, I am trying to find out more about Stephen Sondheim. Can you help?
Some friends are getting together for thanksgiving this year and it is my turn to bring the dessert. What are some desserts that are usually served on thanksgiving dinner?
What is the best bait to use when fishing for trout?
Why do they need to put metal shoes on horses? What is wrong with their natural feet?
How can you dry out a wet basement?
Is it ok for boys to want to dress up as princesses?
Explain how one can legally protect their copyright, what law would protect someone's work, such as a piece of art, or song
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Kopi Lethok?
Can you tell me the typical schedule for Army boot camp for newly enlisted recruits?
What is applepay?
What is a good piece of advice to tell my daughter who is going off to college?
How do you get a mirror finish on a pair of dress shoes?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Beef Mechado?
Who invented Levi's?
I'm going to a rodeo for the first time. What can I expect?
Should you dye your hair at home?
Why does peanut butter go so well with jam in a sandwich?
Find movies with Jamie Lee Curtis
What is Hot Topic?
What is Impractical Jokers?
How do I follow up after a job interview?
Where can I take my kids within the United States to see nice natural waterfalls?
The planet is more water than land. I wonder where all the water came from?
What interstates will I be taking in the USA if I'm driving cross country?
What causes hangnails?
What should you eat on a low sodium diet?
I have a big giant tree out front that attracts a ton of stink bugs, a.k.a. boxelder bugs. They are a giant nuisance and the exterminator could not provide me with any advice on how to prevent them from entering your home. Can you tell me everything you know about this bug?
I want to make my own strawberry jam, how can I do it?
If Batman and Superman got into a fight, which one would win?
Is wheat bad for you?
What is the record for the fastest keyboard typist?
Is there any good programs that will read my books to me?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
I need to be aware of survival tips when lost in the forest. Do you know of any survival tips for this particular situation?
Tell me what the easiest language to learn is.
How do I do a backbend?
I'm trying to learn more about Vinyasa yoga, can you give me some information about it?
How do I stop my pet cat from overgrooming?
Do you have any advice for taking care of a puppy?
What are some good hiding places for cash?
Would you pass the Turing test?
What is the gift of the magi?
How can I comfort my wife during the holidays when she gets down?
Who was the fifth president?
What does aerobic training do for you?
How can I stop myself from going bald?
How do I clean a chimney?
What are some nice cream soups?
Can you explain how the electoral college works in regard to electing the president of the United States?
What would be a good musical instrument for a child of 10 to learn?
can I fix a broken samsung tv?
What information should I be providing in an expository paragrah?
What should I include in a note sending condolences?
How do you treat a muscle strain?
How do I dress like a cowboy?
How do I use a survival blanket to stay warm?
How can I help someone stop their hoarding behavior?
Could you please provide me some information about the Spanish-American War?
What Italian words should I learn before a trip?
how can I open a bottle with no bottle opener?
What are some of the best tourist attractions in Germany?
Do you know if anyone lives in Antarctica
What is the best riddle you know?
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
Is wet food or dry food better for cats?
How often should I wash my merino wool socks? I wear them every day.
How can I stop dogs from knocking over my trash and eating it?
Can you tell me when the new season of The Boys on Amazon starts?
What does a dermatologist do?
Do you need to take your cat for a walk?
how do i get a cranky baby to sleep?
What are the benefits of a smart TV?
What are some pastas I can have with my salad?
If I can only afford one streaming service, which one is the best?
Should I go to Disneyland or California Adventure?
Hi, I really want to learn the key to financial freedom, but unfortunately lack financial freedom. Could you help me?
Can you tell me what a relish is/
What does an oncologist do?
Who is worth more, Seinfeld or Oprah?
So many movies have themes of time travel, but they're mostly fiction. Do physicists have much proof about time travel, if it's possible?
I'm always interested in being a better listener. Do you have any tips on how to be a better listener?
Would you be able to help me figure out how to draw a perfect circle by giving me advice on how to do so?
Can you give me a recipe for something when I only have one carrot, two potatoes, one cucumber, one red onion, some lentils, frozen peas and jasmine rice?
Correct any grammar mistakes in this sentence: I was layin in my bed last night thinkering about you.
I'm planning to learn how to cook Chinese food. Any suggestions?
How do I make popcorn at home?
How do you use a vpn?
what are some cool whales to teach my kids about?
Is stainless pipe ever used when it comes to plumbing in water lines?
Do you know the steps involved with creating a charity?
I would like to learn a little about politics. Can you help?
Can you help me figure out how to ask a bank for a credit increase on a credit card?
How costly is a plane trip from USA to russia?
I need help estimating how many jellybeans there are in the world. Can we work through a Fermi calculation of this together?
I'd like to come up with a thoughtful and creative way, to celebrate a relative's birthday. Any points?
Who is Bruce Blackman?
How do I build my dropshipping store? I have it set up to launch and products, and I've even made some tiktoks to advertise my content but I'm new to this and I don't have any orders yet
I'm trying to find out more about the Occupation of Nicaragua. Can you help me learn more about this conflict?
What are some fun crafts for kids to do on easter?
How do you fix the bags under your eyes?
How can I remove old car wax that's on my car?
How do I become a broadway actress?
I accidentally cut my finger with a knife. Is there anything I can do to care for it so that I don't have to get stitches?
Who are the original 6 NHL teams?\
I would like to know what the Arabian Horse is.
In what year was Broadway founded?
What is a good book for a 6 year old boy?
I've heard Elon Musk has his own Bitcoin type of currency. Is that right?
Can you name some ancient Greek philosophers?
What time of the year is it best to plan turnips in Maryland?
What are soft pretzels?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Rouz Jerbi?
Can you list some essential oils? I know there are many so you can just pick a few at random. You don't have to list everything.
What are places to visit in Philadelphia?
how do i have a long distance relationship?
What are foods I can cook with bacon grease?
When do Cyber Monday sales start?
How do you serve Brie
what is a good country in the middle east to visit?
Is a physician assistant a good career?
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
What is Upwork?
My girlfriend is coming over for dinner tonight and I don't have anything prepared for her to eat. Can you give me some last minute meal ideas that I can make quickly and easily. My kitchen is just about empty as well so it needs to be something pretty simple.
Can you tell me the origin of Halloween?
How do I teach kids to chew with their mouth closed?
How can I grow lavender from a cutting?
Hi, how does a car engine work?
How do I learn to play racquetball?
How do I get rid of pigeons?
Can you help me find the best time of year to visit Greece, in terms of less crowds and good weather?
Is swimming hard to learn?
What are some easy weightlifting exercises to start with?
How can I protect myself from the COVID-19
Can you tell me the folklore behind the Nordic goddess Freya?
Do you think you can recommend some jazz music for me?
Is the Republican Party a bunch of racists and bigots?
What are some unique uses for bricks?
How do I make a frappe?
Marilyn Monroe had a few marriages. Who was her most famous husband, or two?
I'm trying to decide on what type of phone to buy next
How do you relieve pain from a pinched nerve?
Can you write a poem to cheer my friend up?
What is Amazon Alexa?
Who built the Notre Dame Cathedral?
It is time to decorate for Christmas. How can I make my home look like a winter wonderland?
Do most stores close later than normal on Black Friday?
How do I patch up a hole in the wall that a mouse is coming through?
I wanna describe to a child the different kind of works under the umbrella of computer science
How many US citizens have died from Covid?
How can I tell the difference between a dolphin and a shark swimming?
Its said that if honeybees go extinct, humanity will as well. Why do they say this?
Was aluminum ever used back in the bronze or copper age?
How many cigarettes can I smoke a day without ruining my health?
When did Alaska become part of the United States?
I want to go on vacation in the summer and want to know the best place to go that isn't too hot.
Hello, Can you help me make a basic webpage?
I'm travelling to Moscow. Can you tell me some of the popular tourist attractions in the city?
Gosh that would be terrible.
where is the closest mcdonalds
I love espresso. I buy it almost every day. What is the origin of espresso?
How old should a child be to expect them to be able to write their own name?
What are some interesting baked potato toppings?
Can you give some examples of wind instruments?
What does aerobic training do for you?
What kind of meat can you usually find at a butcher shop?
Could you help me learn how to bake a double chocolate cake?
A lot of people are starting to build private spacecraft with rockets to get into space. Why can they just build stairs or an elevator that is high enough?
What are places to visit in Philadelphia?
What year did the popular SNES game Super Mario World release?
how much money should i save up for my daughter's wedding?
Is it realistic to think about building your own home from scratch?
Can you tell me what are ways to console someone who has just lost their job?
Can you help me learn more about the Iraq War?
Can you give some examples of popular Youtubers?
I'm trying to throw a Super Bowl party. What kinds of things should I do?
I am going on vacation soon.
Do you have any tips for how I can reduce microphone static?
How do I play marbles?
Are there any states that it's legal to own a Racoon as a pet?
Is it safe to vaccinate kids against COVID-19?
What do I do if I encounter a wolf in the wild?
How do I get rid of blackheads?
Any ideas on what can help with constipation
What do I need to do to become a police officer?
What are advantages and disadvantages of popping popcorn on the stove?
What do I do if I find a bear?
I am trying to learn about the Wars of the roses. Do you know about them?
Could you help me learn how to make a cannoli from scratch?
What was the most popular game for the Super Nintendo console?
Can you tell me how to find out how much room is left on my computer's hard drive?
What was World War 2 like?
What are some good life tips to teach a student in college?
Can you provide me steps on how to make my own candles?
Should parents encourage their children to participate in sports?
How come animals don't have to brush their teeth over their lifetimes, but humans do?
Do sharks have tongues?
Is it illegal for my neighbors to park their cars in front of my mailbox, even if it is on the street?
What skills do I need to become a dog walker?
What is usually done at a vow renewal ceremony
I'm thinking of getting a dog, but I don't know if I'm ready. How do I know if I can handle dog ownership?
What is the best cell phone service provider?
How do I organize my paperwork?
How does ruby on rails work?
I need to book a flight back from Orlando to NYC on January 14th. Can you help me?
What month do stores start selling winter clothes?
How do I stop from misplacing my phone?
What year was the first video game handheld released?
I want to harvest coffee beans to make my own coffee.
What does the Salvation Army do?
Can you explain the process of natural selection to me
How do I make tomato flavored rice?
Why do people in the US only use cows milk instead of animals that have milk?
how do i protect plants in the winter?
Which wearable tracker is the cheapest?
What is celiac disease?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Viche de Pescado?
I'm trying to build a fire in Fall in the Pacific Northwest and so much of the wood is damp. What can I do?
What is your chance at winning at a slot machine?
Is it harmful for kids to watch wrestling?
What is companion planting?
Is this year supposed to have an El Nino weather pattern?
I just bought an electric griddle for making waffles. Do you have a simple recipe?
My child is really into Barney but I'm tired of it. What other shows could I encourage him to watch?
Can you tell me the basics of travel insurance?
Have italian people made any major contributions to the field of mathematics?
Can I grow potatoes in the state of Maryland?
My left lower abdomen is in pain. I can feel spasms. I am nauseous. I do not have a fever. What could be wrong.
How did China build the wall of china?
How do I get my kids to quit complaining when I ask them for help?
How do you remove old coffee stains from carpet?
How do I know if my child would benefit from summer school?
What are some benefits to gravel yard instead of grass lawn?
How do you get more traction when driving in winter condition?
I love movie trailer music composers like Immediate Music and Two Steps From Hell. Can you recommend me similar composers?
The Mona Lisa always captivated me. I'd like to know more about the painting.
I'm trying to decide whether to get eyeglasses or contacts. What are the pros and cons of each?
Where is Buenos Aires?
how can i teach my child to be more self sufficient when she gets hurt? she always looks around for me.
Is it worth buying Bitcoin or any other coins right now?
Why are tool booths and toll roads a thing? What is the purpose?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sancocho de Gallina?
The series Big Mouth on Netflix has become very popular. John Hamm has even voiced characters. What was the idea behind the series?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Uruguayan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pamplona?
How do you become a foster parent?
What do I need to learn to be a web designer?
Can you tell me about what happened at the Battle of Agincourt?
I'm trying to learn about YouTube history. Can you tell me what year the first ever YouTube video was uploaded?
I'd like to expand my knowledge of poetry, are there some books you can recommend?
What are the advantages of getting a flu shot?
Tell me about the original cast of Saturday Night Live
I heard of a copycat recipe for Olive Garden's Fettucini Alfredo. Can you help me find it?
How do I buy new stocks?
Should people really stay devoted to bad family members?
How can I go about creating my own religion?
How do I clean a green pool?
How do I keep time from moving so fast?
Can I make my own garden fertilizer from food scraps?
I'd like a better understanding of hanukkah. Can you give me some information about why it is celebrated?
What places should I visit in New Jersey?
I'm thinking of getting a cat. What should I know beforehand?
What is an ASE mechanic?
Can you explain how the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell?
I wonder what flower naturally is the best bug repellent, in the garden? I've heard marigolds can be useful.
How big of a turkey do you need to feed 4 people?
I want to find an NBA basketball team to become a fan of
So I have a senior dog who is getting close to his last days of life. What would be some special moments to treat him to before I have to put him down?
My cat swallowed one of those silica gels found in packaging to kept items dry. What should I do?
How do you tie off a balloon after blowing air into it?
Why do women wear white at a wedding?
I want to discuss my favorite actor, Tom Hanks. Do you know who he is?
I always have dry hands. What can i do to stop them drying out?
I have never seen a Harry Potter movie or read one of the books. Which should I do first? Some say the books are better than the movies.
What do I do to decrease my dog’s shedding?
Why did it take so long after the civil war to get rid of segregation?
How do I help a baby that has colic?
How do I fix a flat tire?
What is the difference between tex mex and mexican food?
What happens when a house is in escrow?
Can you tell me the history of the Martini, the cocktail drink
Who was Alfred Joseph Hitchcock? Why was he so famous?
How do I make my own hot sauce?
How do I become a train conducter?
I’m trying to invest in a virtual coin?
How can I make magnets for my refrigerator from colored felt and magnets?
What if my 13 year old wants to start dating?
My daughter wants a pinata for her birthday party. Can you explain what that is?
I would like to learn more about the original PlayStation memory card.
Was 127 hours based on a true story?
I am thinking about going to the Grand Canyon. I live in Dallas. Would you recommend for me to fly or to drive my car?
I don't feel like supporting my football team because they lost but I know I should. What should I do?
I'd like to know more about nikola tesla and his inventions. Can you help?
How can I prevent nearsightedness?
Hi, I'd like to learn how to make wonton soup. Can you give me a recipe for that?
I'd like to buy some new clothes, but would like them to be a good choice for the environment. Can you recommend some options?
I had a sinus infection last week and the undersides of my nose got raw from blowing my nose and wiping it with kleenex so much. What can I do to heal?
What are the different oceans in the world?
How do I sled down a hill?
Can you tell me which kind of wine pairs nicely with fish?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kecap Manis?
I want to start making my own salad dressings.
I wonder if people buy music on CDs anymore. It seems the majority of music I own these days, was purchased digitally.
How can I make stonewash jeans?
I need to learn some common terms for different foods in German.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Moussaka?
What do I do about an itchy scalp?
What is BB cream?
How do you work?
Why don't Republican Presidents get the most popular votes and seem to win with electoral votes instead?
What format should a business plan be in?
What is a bed and breakfast?
How can I make spaghetti sauce - vegetarian style?
What are some good life tips to teach a student in college?
How do you clean brass?
I want to know how to make marinara sauce.
What are some kitchen tools I should have if I fry a lot?
Why do fruits grow on trees while other foods like vegetables grow in the ground?
What is a console war?
Can anyone run for mayor of a town?
how do i learn to speed skate?
Should I get vaccinated against Covid-19? I'm nervous about risks associated with the vaccine.
I need a movie recommendation
How do I get to be more calm and clear during an argument to effectively argue my point?
My friend is having a wedding and I'm invited. What should I wear?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Challah?
What do I do if I see a crocodile?
How do I choose a good family doctor?
I'm looking for advice on what city to visit next month. What's a good place to visit when it's cold?
What do you think of the Terminator films?
what are some foods dogs should not eat?
What are situations I should have an emergency fund for?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
I have to study for an exam but I keep getting distracted. How can I focus on studying without being distracted?
how do i make a patchwork quilt?
What is the highest mountain in Alaska?
What is polenta?
What is the biggest holiday that is celebrated in the united states of america.
I was thinking of how talented Bonnie Raitt was recently. What are some of her biggest songs?
How much training does it take to get your CDL?
Can you provide me with some states with a low cost of living?
how do i prepare fish for cooking?
Is heaven real?
I have a phobia of clowns and I'd like some good clown themed horror movies to scare me. Do you have any recommendations?
The Great Sphinx of Giza, is one of the most famous sculptures in the world. Who created it, and what's the history of that sculpture?
I want to cook a cake. Can you tell me the steps on how to properly fill a pastry bag?
My friend's grandpa has Alzheimer's does that get worse?
Can anyone learn piano?
I've had some raw chicken breasts in the fridge for a couple of days, but my understanding is that's pretty much the limit before it rots. How can I know if the chicken is still good?
What are some landscaping ideas for the front of my house?
How can I be more encouraging to other people?
The Lord Of the Rings is such a prolific book. I wonder how long it took to write. It's massive!
What is Chicago style pizza
Can you tell me about the raw materials used to the make gum?
Should you lease or buy a car?
What are some stretches to do first thing in the morning?
Is a physical therapist a good occupation?
What is the IRS?
What can you tell me about the history of China
What are ways to write about a scary animal from the ocean? Like an orca
I'd like to remove some nail polish from my fingernails, but I don't know what solutions to use to do so. Do you have any recommendations?
What are some low maintenance pets that are easy to take care of?
I want to make my own charcoal for use in pyrotechnics. How can I do this?
I am doing some research in to the American Declaration of Independence. Can you tell me a brief history of it?
What does Google Location History do?
How long have people been using dogs as pets?
How can I treat bronchitis?
How do I care for an iguana?
How do I make a simple omelet?
Can you help me find a recipe for stuffed peppers?
can i teach a cat tricks?
Where is the Holiday in Dixie festival held?
When was the Supermarine Spitfire used?
When the chances of winning a high ticket in lottery are so bad, why do so many people think they can win?
when was the first Alienware computer released?
Big band music has been on my mind. Any bands or big band songs you can recommend?
What is modern pen ink made out of?
Can you describe what light therapy can help with?
What are the details of a put option is for a stock?
What is a good christmas gift for someone wanting to get into a new hobby?
How do I find constellations?
How does scuba diving work?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tom Kha Gai?
What is jam made out of?
Did any of Henry Fonda's children have success in Hollywood?
What can I feed a rabbit?
What kind of socks do you think would keep my feet most warm
Should you use dryer sheets in the dryer?
How can I fix a vacuum that doesn't suck anymore?
Are there professional basketball teams in other countries besides the USA?
I am thinking about going to Spain for a holiday. Where are some good beach destinations?
How can I treat a gallbladder attack?
Should I let my daughter play with barbie?
Which country leads the world in percentage of over weight citizens?
Can you hep me with a cocktail recipe that contains coffee?
What are things a handyman should be able to do?
How can I relax after a long and stressful day at work?
How can I paint rocks for decorations?
What sport should I try to get into playing?
The play Wicked was really successful for a few years. What is the plot overall?
What are some flavors I can mix into milk?
what is the reason for the Antarctic Treaty?
How often should I condition my leather boots? I use them frequently in very dry environments.
How do I learn new slang?
What are the basic steps of opening up a bookstore business?
Who is directing the new Batman movie?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carbonada Criolla?
What is Bruschetta?
My roommate has a rabbit and it smells up the apartment sometimes
What are ways to safely introduce a dog to a cat?
What happened to the Mars bar candy? All I see are Snickers now!
Tell me about smallpox.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Mapo Doufu?
Hi, I'd like to take up square dancing. Can you tell me how it's done?
what are some good cardio exercises i can easily do at home?
What's a good treatment for toenail fungus?
What was Marilyn Monroe famous for?
What can I do to reduce lower back pain?
How can I discover new music?
Who was Alexander Fleming?
Is it true that CVS is going to close 900 stores?
I'm going to Iceland. Can you help me learn a few common phrases?
how do i use a breast pump?
How can I serve bananas?
What do you know about critical race theory? Where did it originate?
I'm looking for good companies to do online gig work. Any thoughts on this?
How do pandemics work?
How can I solve a sudoku puzzle?
what do i need to know to be a good dog sitter?
What can you tell me about the Life of Jesus Christ
I need a place to travel to for christmas
Is American Hustle a true story?
What are some artists I would like if I like Lady Gaga?
I need a salad to serve at a dinner party. Can you help me decide between the different kinds?
Is it true that eating the lungs of a crab is poisonous?
What are things a handyman should be able to do?
What are some fun Winter Olympics Sports to tune into?
What is the difference between a firefighter and an EMT?
How do I encourage a baby to pull up?
How do I learn the accordion?
What are some things I can put cookies into? For example, a milkshake.
Can you tell me the usual cost of a train from London to Manchester?
How hard is it to get citizenship in another country? Do you need to be rich to do it?
What are some protein finger foods for babies?
Why are confined and enclosed space a work safety hazard?
It's time to renew my healthcare plan but I am worried about paying too much in premiums. Can you provide me with any specific tips for paying as little as I can for health insurance?
I've heard that tuna salad is a good lunch. Can you tell me what is in it?
How old was the oldest person ever
Hi, I'd like to learn to play lawn darts. Can you describe the rules of the game to me?
I’m looking to start meal prepping but don’t know where to start
How can I get rid of a tattoo?
Are you familiar with Gwen Stefani?
How can I comfort my wife during the holidays when she gets down?
What are some overlooked signs of adult ADHD?
Can you help me figure out how to transfer files from one phone to another?
Who owns the basic cable channel Food Network?
What season does George die in greys anatomy
Can you tell me the cooking time for pan frying a medium rare steak?
How can I eliminate distractions and be more focused?
Can I get some advice on how to cook a hamburger on the grill uniformly? I don't want the core pink, but I don't want the outside over cooked as well.
I'd like to get some salt water fish but I am unsure how to clean the fish tank. Can you help me?
How do I make a bonfire in my backyard?
Why did the band Black Sabbath end up firing Ozzy Osbourne?
I'm interesting in checking out a movie tonight. What's the plot to The Sound of Music? That's a classic.
What are the pros and cons of taking online classes rather than an in person classroom?
Who won the palme d'or this year?
Can you tell me what the best time of the day is to water the plants in my garden?
What is a secret santa exchange?
What can i eat instead of turkey on thanksgiving?
I'm having some issues with my pet cat, do you think you can provide me assistance?
My daughter is starting to look at colleges. What are some of the things we should keep in mind as she applies to schools?
Who is Anais Mitchell?
I'm curious about the Neolithic period. Can you tell me about that period specifically in regards to the South and East Asia region?
How do I stop my pet cat from overgrooming?
How do you become a nun?
How can I reduce my food waste?
What are some good German beers?
Steve Schirripa seems to have been in the movie industry for quite some time. Do you know about his work?
How can I make a flower crown?
When was Dunkin Donuts first built?
how do i look more natural in pictures?
I want to know what was Mao Zedong famous for.
Can you provide me with a recipe for greek pesto?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cubanitos?
Can you tell me how to play an MMORPG video game on PC?
Should I not be washing my eyes after staring at the computer monitor all day?
Do you know the main ingredients for a crunchy dragon sushi roll?
should i go to los angeles or new york?
How do I keep bugs from entering my house?
I have a general question. I was wondering if baking powder and baking soda the same thing?
can dogs eat table scraps?
Hello, I am trying to find out about the Grand Canyon.
Is a radio announcer a good career?
When is a good time of year to travel to Italy?
How do I learn to do a pull up?
"Gone with the Wind," was such a significant movie. Do you know much about it?
What can you add to ramen noodles to make it taste better?
I'm having some issues with my pet cat, do you think you can provide me assistance?
My efforts at home made falafel are going terribly. The patties and balls just seem to turn to mush when I try to fry them. Am I missing some sort of binding agent in my mix?
Do you know how to be happy?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cuy Asado?
what are fun crafts to do on easter?
Why is it impossible to reach absolute zero?
I'm thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend. What's the best way to go about it?
Hi, I want to develop my calf muscles. Can you provide me with some exercises to do that, preferably involving a barbell or dumbbells, and also explain how to perform those exercises?
How do you convert inches to centimeters?
What are some ways of fishing without a fishing pole?
how can i tell my relatives i don't want to exchange christmas gifts?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Challah?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
Do they make flavors from beaver butts?
I want to paint my kitchen cabinets.
I need to teach a child the meaning of exponential notation
What should you include in a resume?
How many years of training does it take, to get good at playing the piano?
I want to have an English-style tea for my friends. What does that consist of?
Why is Buddhism often suggested for people that have mental health problems?
Can you provide a recipe for a classic mint julep cocktail?
I would like to know about Jehovah's Witnesses. My grandmother is a very devout believer and I do not follow any sort of religion. What are some things I should know when conversing with her?
Every now and then I hear about the 'Iran Contra' thing but I don't really know what it is. Can you summarize?
Hi, I have to take care of my sister-in-law's 2 year old daughter for the weekend, and I've never cared for an infant before. Can you give me some suggestions to keep her safe, well-fed, happy, and healthy?
Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton collaborated on a few top 10 hits. Can you remember a few?
How does rinse aid in a dishwasher work?
If I was going to become a fan of NFL football, what team would be the best team to root for?
Thanksgiving is coming up, and I need a recipe for cranberry sauce. Can you help?
How do I remove popcorn ceiling?
What basketball teams are in the Western Conference?
I want to know ow to make a French press coffee at home.
How can I protect myself from the COVID-19
Should I move to San francisco?
Who is Mike Pence?
I am going on vacation soon.
HI, I'd like to make fried zucchini, either breaded or battered. Can you give me a recipe for that?
What should I look for when selecting fresh produce?
Can you find me details on the history of the ancient civilizations of the fertile crescent?
What are some ways to stay awake when I'm tired?
How can I tell if a pineapple is ripe?
I'm planning a trip to New York City. What are some of the popular attractions and landmarks?
How do you unpack a compressed file?
I'd like to comfort a relative who sprained their ankle. Do you have any suggestions?
What are ways that people hack online games to cheat against other players?
I forgot to get cool whip for my pumpkin pie, what else can I top it with?
How do I steam frozen vegetables?
Find Van Halen songs
How can I protect my home from wild fires
How do I build a chicken coop?
What's the best time of year to visit the North Pole?
How do I train my dog to be more obedient?
What are some good summer pies?
What is Black Friday?
Do you have any advice for how to deal with family members that don't get along being at the same event?
Is accounting a good career choice?
How can I serve bananas?
How do you skip rocks on water?
I was listening to a friend online the other day and noticed they have a strong accent, Why do people in Boston sound like that?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Jiaozi?
What are some good dishes with mushrooms?
How do I know when a kid needs new shoes?
How do I drive a car with a manual transmission?
How do I take off excess skin?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gotukola Sambol?
What instrument should I pick up if I want to learn classical music?
Why do Americans like guns so much?
Can I keep a cactus indoors?
Whats the best way to catch fish?
How do I find the leak in an air mattress?
How did man discover fire?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
How do you make a candle?
Sometimes I wake up with a sore back, is there some exercises I can do in the morning that might help?
Is it possible that any of the current laws of physics are wrong?
I have an M1 macbook 13 inch. How long is my battery typically supposed to last before needing service
I was wondering how pizza dough is different than Indian flat bread? Are the recipes different?
Can you tell me about food traditions that originate from Mexico?
Why are taxes so high in England?
Can I check out books from the library online?
what ingredients are used to make tequila?
What are the rules of Tennis?
What are some of the best movies directed by Martin Scorsese?
How do I get good deals online for electronics
how can i entertain myself while i'm sick?
How do people make money on Tiktok?
What are ancho chilis?
Should you size up in boots for thicker socks?
I'm looking to teach martial arts to middle schoolers
what are some cool whales to teach my kids about?
I want to know about Catholic religion. Are you familiar with it?
find a dentist that also does oral surgery in northern michigan
I was thinking about getting a beagle, do they make good pets?
Is the California Condor making a comeback?
How do you keep others from eavesdropping on your conversation?
What are different golf clubs used for?
I recently broke up with my partner and I am feeling low, any advice you can give me?
what can you use to make fire change color?
Can a person born in Canada be a US Senator?
how do i stay strong for my kids if a relative dies?
Can you tell me when the new season of The Boys on Amazon starts?
I'm thinking about showing my nephew the movie Deadpool because I heard it was a funny superhero movie. What sort of adult content does the movie have that might be inappropriate for a 10 year old?
How can I survive in the cold without a fire?
What is a good pet bird to get?
How can you give a rousing speech?
I want to talk more about the Maori people of New Zealand.
I want to find out if I have the latest Chrome update.
Can you teach me how to make my own pizza dough?
Find a recipe for crab and avocado salad
What can you tell me about emperor penguins?
I've heard a lot of motivational speakers talk about only getting 3 to 4 hours of sleep a night. How come some people can function so well on so little sleep?
What are some fun activities for kids to do in the snow?
I bought some cologne the other day and am wondering, are men and women attracted to different smells or is this just marketing?
Hi! My friend's newborn is sick with jaundice and I'm wondering how to best validate her emotions but also keep things positive
I'm trying to learn about YouTube history. Can you tell me what year the first ever YouTube video was uploaded?
Where do our dreams stem from?
what are fun st. patricks day crafts?
What is a good non sweet cereal?
I need help learning how to make sugar cookies from scratch.
I would like to learn more about Betsy Ross.
What vegetables are considered dark, leafy greens?
How can I use a resistance band for workouts?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Panamaian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bacalao con Papas?
How can I stop racoons from getting into my garbage cans at night?
What is the ASPCA?
Have most gyms reopened since COVID-19?
What are some fun flavors of cheesecake I can make?
What are some fun Winter Olympics Sports to tune into?
What are some places to visit in New Jersey?
How do people get wool from sheep?
Can you recommend some classic rock bands like the beach boys?
How can I make homemade Febreze spray?
I want to make blueberry muffins. Can you help me?
What kind of items can I donate to Goodwill?
How can I make a basketball hoop?
I’m trying to decide what type of couch to buy for the best price
How do I make popcorn at home?
I'm trying to find the safest neighborhood to buy a house in, in Richmond, Virginia.
Can you give me a guide for crossing the border into Canada from the US?
How do you complete a sudoku puzzle?
How do I figure out my IP address?
What time of the year is best to plant strawberries in Maryland?
Does lidocaine help with pain?
Hi, I'd like to do decline push ups for my upper chest and shoulders. Can you explain how to perform one?
why do people like donald trump?
What are some activities I can have at a pool party?
What are signs that someone is suicidal?
How can I deal with a dog that cries and cries every time I leave him home alone?
What other uses are there for Pumpkins besides pumpkin pie?
How can a person gain healthy weight?
How did they figure out how to make an hourglass timer before we had stopwatches or clocks?
I notice that some music nowadays uses autotune, do you know what autotune is and how does it work?
I don
How can I keep better track of time?
What can I do if I hate bugs but don't like killing them?
How do I deal with being cyberbullied?
What is cryptocurrency?
Find a strawberry shortcake recipe.
Can you tell me the name of the most popular video game of all time?
How do you get rid of dog poop smell from the lawn?
How do you unpack a compressed file?
I suffer from varicose veins and need to improve my circulation. What are some ways I could improve my blood circulation throughout my body?
Can you teach me how to install a cpu on a motherboard?
How do I learn to play racquetball?
I'd like to pursue a musical career. How can I get gigs in my local area?
The neighbor's kid has a peanut allergy. How dangerous is that.
Hi, I want to work on my quadriceps. Can you suggest some exercises that are good for that, and tell me how to do them?
I'm wondering if I can use cannabis (marijuana) to calm down my anxiety problems. Is there any scientific research behind that?
I recently moved into an apartment with wooden floors. What's the best way to clean them?
I'm travelling to Spain and need to learn some of the language.
How do you translate a webpage to English in Google Chrome?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Peking Duck?
How do you convert feet to miles?
How do you floss your teeth?
What does the term "blueberry bear" refer to in hunting?
Babe Ruth seemed to be a busy guy, when he was famous. What is he best known for?
How do you set up direct deposit on a checking account?
I am confused about the difference between LED and LCD in television. Can you explain the difference?
What year did the popular band Metallica form?
what are some fun things my child can pretend to be a drum?
Can you explain where the money comes from for these big powerball jackpots?
What are the risks of having a baby in your 40s?
What are some quick meals I can make in the microwave?
I am looking to get a divorce and would like to know how to set things in motion. Can you help?
How can I get better at bowling?
Which Apollo mission succeeded to land on the moon for the first time?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
Can you print you own labels to mail packages?
Hi, I'd like to work on my glutes. Can you suggest some exercises for that, and tell me how to perform them?
I am looking to install a surge protector on my home's electric panel box. Do you know how to do this? I need step by step instructions if you have them.
Should you size up in boots for thicker socks?
I want to make chicken and vegetable fried rice. What kind of vegetables are suitable to make fried rice?
Tell me what the easiest language to learn is.
What is a meal that an 8 year old can cook easily for a family of four?
How do I make my own soap?
What are the basics of tarot card reading?
What is the average deductible on property insurance?
My kids want to camp in the backyard. What activities can we do there?
I'm thinking about purchasing an electric vehicle. Could you please tell me some of the pros and cons of owning one?
Hi, I want to work on my traps, and I hear shrugs are the primary exercise for that. Can you explain how to do one, using either a barbell or a pair of dumbbells?
can you give me an advice on how should I tell my parents that I failed half of my subjects
Who wrote those books about green eggs and ham?
Please tell me about Porsche. I'm interested in buying a used one.
How do I avoid getting distracted from the things I should be doing?
What things do I need to have a poker game at my house?
We have a lake nearby and they warned us not to swim in it because of blue green algae. Why is blue green algae harmful to humans?
What is the best way to stop smoking?
How do I use a fitness step tracker to monitor my daily activity?
I want to teach a a child the basic rules of capitalization
How old should a child be to expect them to be able to write their own name?
Hi, I'd like to begin keeping bees. Can you tell me all the things I'll need to do to accomplish this?
DO we know the reason that the Earth spins in the direction it does?
What is Neutron?
I just moved to Austria and am about to have my first European Christmas. I've noticed Christmas cookies are really popular here so any suggestions for an Austrian Christmas cookie recipe?
How do I set up a home theater?
Hi, my friend wants me to play table tennis with him. Can you explain the rules of the game to me, so he doesn't cheat?
How do I get someone to stop making fun of me?
what are some safety tips for lifting weights?
What happens when a Congressman gets censured?
Find Eminem songs that are popular
What is the best way to leash train a dog?
What are some other sports I might like if I like wrestling?
I'm trying to learn more about Uranus. Please tell me what you know about this planet.
Please tell me about Fidelity Investment company.
Can you explain the different parts of the human eye for me?
How do I teach a child to brush their own teeth?
Which foods are high in B Vitamins?
I'm having a hard tie finding unbiased news these days. Do you have any tips or tricks for getting neutral news stories rather than partisan news stories?
How do I clean a grill?
what are some foods that dogs should stay away from?
How do I take care of a garter snake?
Is there an Irish language that is still used today?
Should we raise the minimum wage in the US to something people can live comfortably on?
Are there any new TV shows premiering in 2022?
I have a mild cold with a persistent cough and sore throat. How can I ease my symptoms?
I’m trying to write an apology letter
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make horchata ice cream
What is a good song to propose to?
I'm learning about math and want to understand what the commutative laws say
My roommate has a rabbit and it smells up the apartment sometimes
What are the types of filament for a 3d printer?
How does scuba diving work?
Can you recommend a good recipe for a vegetarian curry?
How do I get better at bargaining?
I'm trying to make my text more clear. Clear like Hemingway would write it. Let me show you an example of what I mean: Before: The cat was chased by the dog. It had no significant idea of th origin of the dog's motivation to hunt it. The cat also thought of itself as innocent. After: The dog chased the cat. The cat, who found itself innocent, didn't know why the dog chased it. Before: It's kind of interesting how computers are stuck in the old hum hum drum drum of the past. Most text editors are still like typewriters, or, at best, those electrical typewriters from the 80ies where you had almost like a throne for writing, drafing on a screen and then printing.
My vacuum cleaner just died and I need to buy a new one. Can you help me decide which one would be best for cleaning my apartment?
What are some benefits of a began diet?
Find Naomi Scott movies
Where was Joe Biden born?
I have an abundance of potatoes. What are some dishes I can make with them?
what year did sonic the hedgehog first premiere?
What is your name?
How can I get rid of calluses on my hands?
Who was Kant?
If someone chooses to just not pay off their student loans, can they get in trouble? Can they be forced to pay them back?
Why do people like to watch movies that scare them?
I want to read a book on my upcoming vacation. Can you recommend one? I really liked the Robert Langdon series.
Could you tell me what happens in the Rapture mentioned in Revelations in the Bible
Hey! I want to start enjoying football Sunday more, but I don't really understand the rules of football, can you help me learn some?
Would you give me some information on the video game Final Fantasy X?
The Lord Of the Rings is such a prolific book. I wonder how long it took to write. It's massive!
I'd like to learn about art more. Maxfield Parrish was so talented. Do you know about him?
how can i stop from overpacking during a trip?
What should I say if my kids ask if the tooth fairy is real?
I just downloaded a new mac update called Big Sur. What are the improvements of this new OS?
Should I buy disposable batteries or rechargeable batteries?
I am trying to become a better photographer. Do you have any tips?
I want to teach someone about PEMDAS. Can you describe PEMDAS to me?
I have a flat tyre and was joping you could give me some advice on what to do
I really liked Interstellar. What other movies or tv shows like it do you recommend?
I'm planning a surprise party for my friend and want to bake a birthday cake. Can you give me an easy recipe?
How do I manage distractions at work?
How do I start a petition?
Is it better to have a 1 page or 2 page resume?
Should you open windows during a tornado?
What are places I can visit in Sydney?
Hi, assistant
What is interstitial cystitis?
Why don't people live longer than we do?
How do you relieve pain from a pinched nerve?
How do I change a wound dressing?
Who designed the American Flag?
I want to go to Greece. Does it have historical sites?
Search for a cherry crisp recipe
Can you provide me steps on changing the oil in my 2008 Honda Accord?
I'm reading about the Han Dynasty. Can you tell me what inventions they brought forth?
What are the pros and cons of going to a buffet?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the music of the Beatles. Can you help me assemble a playlist of their best and most popular songs?
Are egg substitutes as nutritious as real eggs?
How can I teach someone to avoid falling for phishing scams?
Why is the sky blue?
What is renters insurance?
How do I safely remove a beehive?
How do I ask some to the prom?
Do you like stories?
How can you give a rousing speech?
How do you avoid late fees on a mortgage?
How can I find out if I am eligible for college financial aid?
I need some advice on how to make friends
I'm looking for some Christmas movies that are more suited for adults. Do you have any recommendations?
How do I stop peeling lips?
Is it fair to ask prospective employees to do unpaid 'assignments' before they're hired?
What causes earthquakes?
What is D.C. after the word "Washington".
What are some tips to get better at drawing?
Why doesn't the USA make the tallest buildings in the world anymore?
Do carrots have a lot of fiber?
I'm learning about math and want to understand what the commutative laws say
Hi, my son is about a year old now, and he's not really talking yet. What can I do to help him learn to speak?
I keep getting flats on my bicycle tires and I'm trying to figure out a way to stop this. What can I do to augment my bicycle tries and tubes to avoid flats?
Why was it so hard to build the Panama Canal?
Can you recommend me some bands that are similar to Metallica?
What is palm reading?
I'm feeling a little funny right now. Can you help me figure out what's going on?
What are some interesting pretzel toppings?
Is Australia a nice country to visit?
I want to have a girls night where we watch romantic comedy movies. Can you suggest some popular rom-coms?
So I'm gonna do some CSS. I need to change the color of some of the text. For example, I wanna do a text shadow through CSS to text. How would I do it?
Why did the British come to Australia?
Would you consider red dead 2 to be better than GTA V?
Who was often credited with creating the first car in the world?
Are you familiar with Batman movies?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pepperpot?
What makes someone a good son?
I don't know what to do after graduating from University, can you please help?
What are the most popular card games? I know gin rummy, and a few others.
How do you stop a pet cat from engaging in undesirable behaviors, for example, scratching furniture or carpet?
there seems to be a huge decline in pubs in England. why is that?
I'm having family over for brunch this weekend. What should I make to eat?
Can you recommend some music to listen to? I like rock, country, and R&B.
Can you tell me the process of cleaning shrimp?
What can I add to ramen?
Why is lead so dangerous in paint?
Do labradoodles get a long with cats?
What areas of the United States get hurricanes?
I would like to learn more about Richard Nixon.
What are pros and cons of a child being a vegetarian?
What do I do if I get a tire blowout?
I'd like to buy a nice diving watch that can withstand hundreds of feet of depth in the ocean. What watches might I be looking for?
Why does it seem like the USA is one of the only countries where soccer isnt popular?
Do you have any suggestions on how to phrase questions to AI?
What is the most UV resistant material known to man?
I want to know tourist destination and entertainment centers in Los Angeles.
I've been having some mild acne lately. What should I do?
What are the pros and cons of water birth?
What are the benefits to running barefoot rather than using sneakers?
I'm having a BBQ. Should I serve hot dogs?
Can I tame a wolf?
I'd like to learn how to make my own app.
Who was the fifth president?
Who is Deadpool
Can you describe the differences between stocks and bonds?
What bands would I like if I like Simon and Garfunkel?
Who wrote those books about green eggs and ham?
How many city blocks is one mile?
Why does greek yogurt have so much more protein than regular yogurt?
How do I know if I have an ice pick headache?
at what age should kids be allowed to use makeup?
Giraffes have such long necks. Do they have a lot of neck bones?
What are some things I can do to improve my property value?
How do you take care of yourself after a tooth extraction?
Is it hard to become a surgical tech?
The Raven, by Poe, has always given a chill. Let's talk about the plot, and maybe what inspired Poe?
Does Mass Effect have good gunplay?
I'm going to have a new niece soon. Can you recommend me any baby gives I should buy for my sister?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Berkoukes?
How do I remove a wax from my wax melter?
Is there anything I can do for a dry cough?
How can I pretreat clothes for stains?
Are dog treats good for dogs?
What is Moussaka?
How do I decide which shoes I should donate?
Could you help me learn how to build a bench for my garden?
I want to go to Hawaii this summer. I just want to relax at the beach. Which island should I visit?
How can I get better at making friends?
Could you recommend me a show that is very similar to the show Dexter on showtime?
I have relatives coming over for Thanksgiving dinner, but they have strong conflicting political views. How can I keep the peace at my dinner table?
What are shallots?
what are some cool whales to teach my kids about?
Can you explain to me why many cities in California have Spanish sounding names?
What are some good brands of electrical cars?
What are some important courses to take in high school if I want to be a nurse?
Find a recipe for peanut butter bars
How do I get my children to nap if they think they are too old for naps/
Is an artist a good career?
What is the difference between Belgian waffles and American waffles?
How do I take care of a pet rabbit?
I'd like to listen to new music. What are some of Toni Braxton's big hits?
What are some good ways for senior citizens to stay fit and healthy?
How do I treat and prevent dry hair?
Hi, I hear Pink Floyd is very important to the history of rock music. Can you suggest some of their best songs, and albums, for a playlist? I'd like to familiarize myself with their style and body of work.
How is lactose removed from milk?
I'm trying to learn more about the Transnistria War.
Can you help me learn how to make a strudel from scratch?
Could you tell me how to make a vegan friendly mac n cheese?
What are the ingredients in chocolate chip cookies?
Can you tell me if goats are native to Asia?
What are some singer-songwriters who are similar to Ingrid Michaelson?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
What is vegetable stock?
I'm travelling this summer and need to ask for a taxi in different languages.
Can you help me figure out how I should fix a loose wallpaper seam? Are there quick ways to fix this problem?
Find Neil Diamond best songs
I love popping bubble wrap, but I hear that makes the wrap less effective. What is the main purpose of bubble wrap in packaging?
What are some relaxing songs or relaxing types of music?
Can you help me learn some basic words in Welsh?
What kind of books do you think an eleven year old girl would like?
Does concrete become brittle at low temperatures?
Tell me about smallpox.
I need to stay up much later than I'm used to to get some work done, but I want to remain alert and productive. What can I do?
I'm planning a trip to Finland. Can you check on the flight schedule from Washington, DC to Helsinki?
How do I make homemade gravy?
How do I start a coin collection?
If you dropped a penny and a tennis ball from a hot air balloon, which would hit the ground first?
How do I get a magazine article published?
How do I find my measurements for a formal men's suit?
What supplements can improve eyesight?
what are some disney movies or shows featuring animals as the main characters?
I wanna write about Alexander the Great. What are things I should include?
What is the best time of the year for planting carrots in Maryland?
should i celebrate a one year old's birthday since they won't remember it?
what duties should a ten year old have with our new family cat?
Where are your kidneys located?
How can I get more upper body strength?
What are some dishes that feature mushrooms?
Can you tell me the process for becoming an extra in a Hollywood movie?
How does high cholestrol increase the risk of heart disease?
What are some Playstation 2 games that are good for kids?
What are some popular Mexican herbs and spices?
My indoor cat got outside, how can I lure him back into the house?
what are some places i can have my child's birthday party?
can i teach a cat tricks?
What is polypropene?
How can I manage back pain?
Could you provide me some information about the Lord of the Rings series?
Can you give me a recipe for minced pies?
Do you like snow or sun better?
What's better for hand warmth, mittens or fingered gloves?
I want to try and find a new book to read. I like to read about factual events and things about soace. WHat could I read?
Are you familiar with the DSM-5?
How do I find a private jet?
How do I get my kids to use less toilet paper?
what are some good video chat platforms for team meetings/
What can you cook in an air fryer?
If you were hungry and wanted to eat a good breakfast. what would you eat? and why?
Can you tell me the directions for visiting Mount Rushmore?
what are some fun jungle animals to teach my kids about?
Do kids need a chickenpox vaccine?
Find a strawberry shortcake recipe.
How should I store medicine safely?
How do I make vodka mojitos?
What are some safe snacks or treats for dogs?
How do I get a child interested in STEM?
How can I have a conversation with my friend who I feel is drifting away?
I have a zipper that broke on a technical jacket and I've decided to just fuse the zipper up rather than get it repaired. Will superglue stick to zipper teeth?
How does a compass work?
What's the best way to cook a ribeye
What activities can I do at a park?
What is Facebook?
I am trying to build a American Nija obstacle course for a eight year old
Hello, I am trying to imagine what the future will look like in 100 years. What do you think transport will look like?
Hey, do you know CBT?
I am getting bombarded with Black Friday ads. Are there really better prices this time of year?
What type of bristles should I look for when purchasing a paintbrush?
Why did they start banning plastic grocery bags everywhere?
Is Bloody Mary real?
How did Queen Elizabeth become the queen of England?
What does suggested mean on Youtube?
What year did the first set of Magic the Gathering cards release?
How can I tell the difference between a bluray disc and a dvd disc?
Get a corn pudding recipe
what are some good foods for a kids' party?
How do I prepare frozen spinach?
What is a secret santa gift exchange?
What should I do if I see a snake?
Hi, my guitar is obviously out of tune. How do I tune it?
How can I teach my kids to have self esteem?
How should I go about making an accurate square cut with regards to woodworking?
How do I make a super woman costume?
A good friend of mine had his birthday dinner with his family Tuesday before last. His sister and niece have since been diagnosed with Covid. They both got sick this weekend, Friday and Saturday to be exact. His mother who took his nice to the doctor on Friday has no symptoms. I hung out with the birthday boy that evening. Neither of us have symptoms. It's been nine or ten days since a possible exposure. Should I go get tested just in case?
I'm trying to program a self-learning AI to interact with Twitter, but every time I release it into the wild, it interacts with Twitter inappropriately due to the general angry and rude nature of other posters ​that it learns from
How do you get a lyft?
how many cats is too many?
Can you provide me with a very simple homemade hot chocolate recipe?
How do you touch up the paint on your car?
My girlfriend is so down lately, how do I make her happy?
Can you recommend me a new racing game?
Why do some people decide to stop eating meat and become a vegetarian?
How do I remove a tooth paste stain from a leather jacket?
I'm thinking about buying a new car. Can you recommend a small car that is environmentally friendly?
Hi, I'd like to make some Southern style gravy. Can you give me a recipe to do that?
I'm curious about listening to different tunes. What are some big hits from the B-52s?
Do all turtles share a common ancestor?
Can you tell me how to find out the regulations on ocean fishing for a particular species?
I have a lot of bell peppers from my garden. What are some ways I can cook with them?
Who is the lead singer of Imagine Dragons?
how can i organize my closet better? i share with my wife.
I need to buy my sister and brother in law some gifts. They are rich and have lots of nice things. I’m not rich. What do you think I should buy?
How can you make bowling fun for the kids?
I want to learn how to make gingerbread cookies, can you give me an easy to follow recipe?
What should I feed my dog if I can't afford to buy dog food?
I'm trying to buy flowers for my garden. What's the difference between a perennial and annual?
How do I keep from misplacing my keys?
How do I make quinoa?
I've never listened to Led Zeppelin. Can you help me come up with a playlist of their best, and most popular songs, so that I can get an overview of their sound?
What are some asian dishes using broccoli?
What caused world war 2?
Should I order a la carte or eat a a buffet?
What does it mean to be lactose intolerant?
I have been having trouble sleeping lately. Do you have any advice to help me?
Can you tell me popular destinations to visit for the Chinese New Year celebration?
I have two citrus trees. One is lemon and the other is lime. Will they change each others taste if they are planted too close?
Can you read my palm?
There's a heavy Creole influences in terms of cooking in the US. Can you tell me more about Creole cooking, such as its history and the flavors of Creole?
How do I make mashed potatoes with skins?
Who were Romeo & Juliette
What is a late fee on a credit card and how do you avoid them?
How can I fix a cracked tooth?
I want to know the history of Broadway theatre. Can you help me?
Do you know any good jokes?
Do you have any good essential oil diffuser recommendations that cost under $50?
Can I keep a pig as an indoor pet?
Can you tell me if Nutria are native to North America?
How does adding the federal oil reserve to the oil market help to lower the price of gas?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
Give me some examples of major phone service providers in the US.
How do you take a screenshot?
How do I train a dog not to jump on the table?
Hi, I'd like to learn to fly a plane. How can I go about doing that?
What is potato salad?
How do I teach kids to meditate?
What should I look for in a therapist?
Can you help me find what size snowboard I need?
How often should I get a check up at my gynecologist?
How does acupuncture work?
I want to take a trip to visit my family overseas. How do I purchase a plane ticket?
Are there any animals that are an in between of a cat and a dog?
How can I cut back on my caffeine consumption?
What do I do if my kid gets too much homework?
What effect does sugar have on the human body?
Can you help me find books that will teach me about investing and how to become financially successful?
How do I put dental wax on braces?
I need some ideas on repurposing old magazines.
I wonder if physically levitating is something you can train yourself to do mentally? Through meditation?
Is Kauai the most beautiful island in Hawaii?
What is hollandaise sauce?
Can you tell me all of the requirements to enroll in the US Marines?
I want to make the most of Black Friday this year. How can I find the best sales and deals for Christmas shopping?
Should I get an additional warranty with the TV I'm buying?
I'd like one day to swim with dolphins in the wild, do you think it's possible?
What are some things I should know about fostering a pet?
What would be a good musical instrument for a child of 10 to learn?
Can you tell me how to make a pumpkin pie?
What can I say to someone to stop them from letting their dog crap everywhere?
I need some advice. My cat excessively begs for food. We took her to the vet and she is in good health. She is 17 years old. Her meows get louder and louder and more frequent. They begin moments after she has finished her food.
Can voice lessons still help you even when you're older? I want to be a a better singer.
Can you tell me about bee safety?
My cat is pregnant and I was looking for advice on what to do when she is ready to give birth?
How do I become a reporter?
Can you tell me what is required to become a US senator?
I need a recipe for vegetable stir fry.
Why do cats meow?
How do you help a dog that has anxiety?
What are some things toddlers can learn from sesame street?
Let's pretend I'm lost in a forest, can you give me some survival tips?
What does top fan mean on Facebook?
I'm curious about skin conditions. Can you describe what acne is and what causes it?
I've heard the tarot deck compared to our modern playing cards. Do you know what their history is?
Could you recommend me a show that is very similar to the show Dexter on showtime?
How do I make bananas stay fresh longer?
What is the best way to grow grass?
What is the proper way to remove dust from my PC?
How can I get my brother and sister to stop fighting?
How do you make poached eggs?
Hi, I'd like to do decline push ups for my upper chest and shoulders. Can you explain how to perform one?
How do I make baked chicken?
How do I check for lice?
What are some typical Andalucian dishes?
What's the best way to make new friends in a new city?
Help me find a recipe for creamy tomato and onion soup
What are some famous malls I can visit?
How can you tell if an animal has rabies?
How can I become better at speaking in public
I love my partner very much, but he frustrates me sometimes. He often asks for my opinion about situations which are upsetting him—a conflict he's having at work or an issue with a stranger in the supermarket—and he seems to really want my advice. But if I disagree with his behavior or think the other person has a point, he blows up at me. If I'm on his side, he's fine. This isn't fair to me.
what does it take to become a performer for disney on ice?
What are some traditional Polish foods?
Can you help explain to me the process of making Chapstick?
What should I wear to a wedding?
What can I do in Barbados?
I'd like to make a really grand Christmas display this year, but I don't know what if any regulations my city or neighborhood hav around lights. Where can I find this information out? I live in Las Vegas, Nevada.
I've been hearing a lot about "meal prep." Can you tell me what that is?
How can I get better at painting?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn a few food words.
What size trampoline is good for a toddler?
Can you tell me how to find a comedy special on Netflix?
Hey Assistant, can you help me solve a math question?
What are some new ways in which plastic is being recycled?
Hi! I'm trying to cook jackfruit for the first time to fit my new vegan diet. Do you have any recipes or advice on how to best cook jackfruit?
Is it ok for boys to want to dress up as princesses?
Is liquid hand soap or hand sanitizer more effective at killing germs?
How do I make a Zoom account?
I'm trying to find the best food to feed my dog
How can I make my teeth whiter?
I'm taking a trip to Iceland and need to learn a few common words. Can you help?
Do snakes lay eggs?
Do manual transmission last longer than automatic transmissions?
Can you tell me instructions for playing the board game monopoly?
How do I get rid of menstrual cramps?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Frango Assado?
Hello, I am trying to find out what city Paul Simon grew up in. Can you help?
What steps do I need to take to close out an account with my bank. I don't want to call and ask the customer service line on their help line, it is never dependable. Can you help me out instead?
Do you think you can tell me a bit about dystopian novels?
Does Puerto Rico want to become a US state?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Semmelknödel?
Do we really need to do daylight savings time anymore? Some states don't have it, like Arizona.
How do I heal a toe that has no toenail?
I need to decide where to go on vacation
I am trying to find some new bands to listen to. If I enjoy punk rock what bands would you recommend?
How does a computer work
What’s the difference between atheist and agnostic?
What are some common tools you might find in a toolbox? Give me like 5 or 6 examples to keep the list short.
I want to know how to gain some confidence
Can you describe how to recognize tones in literature?
What are some of the best movies directed by Tim Burton?
I want to know in what year the Corvette was introduced.
How many flavors can humans taste? Like sweet and sour and hot and what else?
What is a certified check?
What is a great mourning routine?
What is at the core of Mars?
Do you know why in some parts of the country, Hardee's is called Carl's Jr even though its the same restaurant?
What country is second to the US in military strength?
The holidays are coming up soon. What is a good christmas present for a co-worker that I don't know very well?
Should I go to Disneyland or California Adventure?
Which company manufactures M&M candies?
What are perogies?
How can I stop a runny nose?
I'm thinking about visiting Salem, Massachusetts. I am fascinated with the history of the Salem Witch Trials. What can you tell me about them?
I need a movie recommendation for a movie that is similar to Pulp Fiction.
My niece needs help making one of those volcanoes for science class. What is the easiest way to do this?
Do you have any advice for how to help someone who suffers from low self esteem?
I want to get a birthday gift for my neighbor but I'm not sure what to get her. Can you help me decide on something?
What is a good way to stop rats from living in my metal storage shed?
How can I manage back pain?
How do they calculate the CPI?
How can I remember to drink more water throughout the day?
How did early man navigate the oceans without GPS?
Should I get a big or a small dog?
Can cats see in full darkness?
Is it save to use my fireplace if I haven't used it or cleaned it in years?
What date did WWII start?
How do I learn to do the butterfly stroke?
Is Austria a good place to take a vacation?
what can i put on my bagel?
I'm having issues with a mouse infestation in my home.
What are some ideas to prepare lambchop.
Can you tell me what Shakespeare wrote for Hamlet, Act One, Scene 2?
Can I make penicillin at home?
HI, I'm in the mood for Irish coffee. Can you give me a recipe for making it?
How do I make chamomile tea?
What is the highest price of gas ever
What can be causing me to have itchy skin?
What are the least harmful pain relievers to take for headache?
I need help finding the best pie recipe.
How can I freeze onions?
How do I make tostadas?
Can you give me some advice on how to be a good interviewer?
what is a good present to get for a college graduate?
What size tv is good for a medium sized bedroom?
How can I help my 8 year old relieve a headache?
Hello, I am trying to find out about the Grand Canyon.
Which Williams sister has won more Grand Slam titles?
How do I get a baby to eat more solids?
Have most gyms reopened since COVID-19?
Can you give examples of games in the Resident Evil series. Write you answer in a list format.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pad See Ew?
How can I make vegetables taste better?
Is it ok for kids' teeth for them to eat candy?
My grandma has diverticulosis what is that?
Please tell me how to make Chinese fried rice.
What are some things to do with lemon?
Can you give me instructions for framing a doorway?
How can I be a better singer?
Can you help me find out which plants are easy to take care of and have a nice scent?
I'm having a hard time remembering the order of planets in the solar system. Can you help me?
what are some fun classic cartoons?
What are some safe snacks or treats for dogs?
Sometimes cold air comes from around my door. What can I do to avoid that?
Am I wrong or is the Macy's Parade just a lot of commercials?
What are some cool Disney Villains?
Why do people not eat pig meat, but cow meat is okay?
What are some extracurricular activities my high school daughter can take?
What is Sezzle?
How do I caramelize onions?
How do tiny breed dogs come from wolves
How to choose a wedding ring.
Why do some countries drink a lot of coffee and others tea?
how do i teach a child to have better balance?
I want to bake my friend some Christmas cookies, but she is highly gluten intolerant. What would be the best cookies for me to make her?
Is a veterinarian a good career?
What should I do if I see a snake?
What does statute of limitations mean?
I have really bad bursitis in my elbows. Do you know a way I can treat it without drugs or surgery?
How can I tell if a pineapple is ripe?
What kind of puzzle toys are good for ten year olds?
How do I make a green bean casserole?
Do you know of ways one can relieve back pain outside of surgery and physical therapy?
What is a grimoire?
If I like watching the Olympics what other events might I like?
Are men and women really different when it comes to emotions?
What does the term "Satanic Panic" refer to?
What was the first TV that people could actually buy?
I have to come up with alliterations specifically within the subject of the ocean. So organisms found in the ocean or things related to the ocean.
Can you tell me how to evaluate rare coins?
My father-in-law is an avid golfer. What are some golf-related gift ideas I can use for him?
What are some ideas for artwork I can put in my bathroom?
What sort of wood should I make a cabin out of?
I don't really understand the electoral college. Can you explain it to me?
What is the tallest building in the world?
I'm planning to learn how to cook Chinese food. Any suggestions?
Can you tell me the general legal issues covered by business law?
What should you do when you feel lonely?
How do I make fried tofu?
I'm travelling to Iceland and need to learn some terms for points of interest.
How do I bowl a split in Bowling?
What can I use to clean a plastic tub?
I'm trying to save money on electricity. What are some steps I can take to lower my electricity consumption at home?
What is the easiest way to decorate a living room?
I need some help on how to multi-task.
how can i make a makeshift basketball hoop for my room?
There are a lot of Star War fans in the United States. What are Star Wars fans called?
Can you tell me when it is cheaper to buy or lease a vehicle?
Can you provide me steps on cooking a red velvet cake from scratch?
When one is feeling overwhelmed, what helps get calm?
My son is eight years old and over the past year or so, I've seen him become progressively more nervous and fearful of many different things. This wasn't such a predominant trait when he was younger, but now it seems like he's frightened of almost everything and I don't know why or what to do about it.
How can I cure hiccups?
I would like to learn more about the Popular Anime Pokemon.
How much caffeine is safe to drink in one day?
After Christmas times, I have a lot of trash around and need to figure out which things are recyclable. Can you think of some of the things during Christmas time that are recyclable, such as trees, boxes, wrapping paper, etc.
I have a friend that is interested in attending mortuary school. Do you know the education and skills that are required to become a funeral director?
Should I install a bidet?
How do you apply to college?
What is Joe Rogan famous for?
Search for a ham slider recipe
Do you have any tips for word search puzzles?
Tell me about mammals that lay eggs.
How do you stop a pet cat from engaging in undesirable behaviors, for example, scratching furniture or carpet?
How do I take on more responsibility at work?
Do you have any tips for beginners trying to learn how to play guitar?
What is the longest running Broadway show?
teach my fifth grader how to do percentages the easiest way
How do I become less shy about introducing myself to others?
How do I pick a lock?
What is the best way to apply makeup?
How do you touch up the paint on your car?
Can you tell me how the game Pokemon Go works using Augmented Reality technology?
What can I do to prevent myself from grinding my teeth when I sleep? My dentist mentioned it's starting to cause problems, so I need a solution.
Is it bad to charge my phone in the car?
What's the best place to visit along the U.S coastline in the winter? I'd like to experience lots of snow, if possible.
How do you get better at using sign language?
It helps me to have a positive clear image of where I want to be in the next few years. Can you help me conceive of a better life for myself? Some info about me: I’m an academic. I live in California but I miss my family. I have a dog and a husband.
Can you tell me how to make soup?
What are the health benefits to hot weather and climate?
Can you recommend some Japanese horror movies?
I've been reading a lot about the emotional and addiction dangers of social media, and I'm trying to limit my time there. What's a healthy amount of time to spend on social media every day?
Why do some Americans hate migrant workers so bad?
I am having trouble convincing my friend to go to counseling. Her sister died this past year and it has really taken a toll on her mentally. She does not think anything is wrong, but I can see her struggling with it. How can I convince her that she should go talk to a professional therapist?
What are some good classical music composers?
What is the Fermi paradox?
Can you tell me if Brown Tree snakes are native to North America?
What is the best way to get your cat to use the litter box?
Are there any ways that I can improve my wireless signal strength?
What is the easiest instrument to learn?
How do I increase my income?
Can you explain to me the steps of photosynthesis?
My neighbor always pulls up to his house with the music blasting loud. Is there anything I can do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Älplermagronen?
How do I get a baby to keep his shoes on?
What are some curly haired dogs?
how do i make biscuits?
Can you help me to understand the concept of "search engine optimization" and how this relates to a business website?
I was recently driving when I got a flat tire. I had to wait for a serviceman to come to fix the flat tire. I would like to learn how to fix a tire myself. Can you guide me on the steps to fixing a flat myself?
Why do most new things we buy only last a little while before they break? In the old days, stuff lasted.
What are some cities to visit in Mexico?
I'm getting into bicycle riding for exercise as an adult, and I'm wondering what if any safety equipment I need.
Hey! My hair has been looking super flat lately and I want to add some volume but I don't know hair products very well. Could you help me?
How can I make traps for game in the woods?
Can you tell me the history of the Appalachian trail?
Describe to me how the bad eagle became Americas national bird
What are some shows my child would enjoy if he likes paw patrol?
How can I tell if I am dehydrated?
what are some foods that are known to make people sleepy?
How often is normal to go poo during the day?
How do I get my dog to stop excessive licking?
What is the most effective type of disposable mask?
How do I make potatoes for a baby?
When is Mars expected to be colonized by?
I need some information on what type of cat food is better for my new cat, wet or dry food. Can you help me?
I'm am contemplating engaging in a threesome with the person I am dating. Do you have any advice for multi-partner sex?
Can you provide me with a recipe for caramelized bananas?
Hi, I'd like to make some pickled cabbage. Can you give me a recipe and instructions for doing that?
Why is the sky blue?
How were the Mayans able to come up with such an accurate calendar?
How long does it take to fly from LA to Hawaii?
What is dry cleaning?
How do you negotiate your salary?
What are exercises I can do to strengthen my knees?
Who discovered Michael Jordan, the basketball player?
what are some cute characters if i like minions?
Do you know what would happen if a presidential candidate dies before the election? Would the other person automatically win?
I buy too many lottery tickets. What can I do?
What are some cardio machines I can buy for home?
Do you have useful tips on teaching my daughter fractions, decimals and percentages?
I need to learn a few words in German. Can you help me?
Which items should I bring with me to the beach?
Search for Melissa McCarthy movies
find a recipe for sweet potato pie that takes less than one hour.
Can you help me with the differences between race and ethnicity?
How can I get bigger muscles without working out?
what are some sweet things to call my child?
What does it mean when a work boot is water resistant but not waterproof?
Why are women more emotional than men are?
I've been thinking about buying some exotic, dangerous pets like a rattlesnake. What precautions can I take to remain safe with an exotic pet?
What is the proper way to throw a punch?
probably not
I want to buy a dog for my family but I have very young kids. Are certain breeds known to be better with kids?
I have just arrived in Thailand and want to travel to Pai. Can you tell me a few things that I can do there?
Is there a Van Gogh Museum in the United States of America?
how do I make a good lasagna
How to sooth an anxious child?
Is the Republican Party a bunch of racists and bigots?
What's the best career path for someone with the INFP personality type?
I had a fight with a significant other recently and would like to patch things up. How would you suggest I approach doing this?
How do you treat acne?
Why do street tacos taste so much better than in a restaurant?
How do I learn how to paint a landscape?
I bumped my knee. How can I make it feel better?
How can I store cookie dough?
Do you think you can help me learn how to make my own beef jerky?
Find a tater tot casserole recipe
Can you tell me how I can keep my antique books in good condition?
I want to know how to make hard candies. Can you help me?
I just got a new smartphone and I am having trouble getting signal in my house. Is there anything I can do to improve the ability for my phone to get signal at home?
What is the youngest age someone can get a black belt in Karate?
Do you know the definition of fear?
Hi, how does a car engine work?
I live in Florida and I saw a crocodile in my backyard. What do I do?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn the word "airport" in a few languages. Can you help?
What is a concealed carry permit?
Do horses get sad the same as humans do?
What time of the year is it best for fishing Bass?
Please identify the top 5 rarest animals in the world.
Hello, I am trying to figure out how to write an exposition
What are some interesting grilled cheese recipes?
How can I work out a shoulder knot?
What did Native Americans enjoy to eat?
It was snowing the other day and I saw lightning. How can there be lightning and thunder when it's snowing?
Can you help me understand why Pluto is no longer a planet?
Please tell me what the oldest profession is in history?
Do you have to clean your washing machine?
Do you know how to make corned beef hash?
Hey! What kind of ingredients do I need to make vegan ginger molasses cookies?
What are some foods I can make from Ritz?
Please summarize the following passage for me: "In the weeks after I brought my twins home from the hospital, all I could think about was sleep—the absence of it, the craving of it, my physical and psychological inability to do even the most basic tasks without it. In came Cara, a sweet, inordinately soothing woman based in Arizona whose virtual newborn-sleep class ($79) was filled with mantras (“There’s no better mama for that baby on the planet than you”), neologisms (“SITBACK”), buzzwords (“witching hour”), and a sense of connection with other parents who were struggling the way we were. And it worked. Once, I asked my husband how much he would have paid for Cara’s class had he known how invaluable it would be for us. “Ten thousand dollars,” he replied, instantly. (To be clear on the stakes, we would have had to take out a loan.) We had found structure and hope from this woman whose caretaking brand was built on being altruistic, inclusive, and loving, which is why the revelation that she had backed a candidate whose policy separated babies from their parents felt like a profound betrayal. (Dumaplin confirmed the donations and said she did not agree with all aspects of the Trump administration.) My inbox started blowing up with messages from other new moms who were devastated not only by that dissonance, but also by the fact that they’d lost a trusted figure who’d taken on a mythic status—who’d become a kind of idol."
What are tips to finish reading a book in a month?
Is it dangerous to hike alone in mountain lion country?
My daughter wants to be a princess for Halloween. What sort of things should I include in her costume?
Should children learn to use the computer at an early age?
When writing about the smell of pizza, what do you think are some good ways to describe such
Search for a chicken piccata recipe
I need to figure out how to get to California from Iowa and I am a bit navigationally challenged. Can you help?
Hello, I am trying to find out what city Paul Simon grew up in. Can you help?
Hi, assistnat
What currency does France use?
How can I work on improving my hand eye coordination?
How do put lights on the roof of my home for Christmas?
What did Pamela Anderson star in?
Could you give me some information on the origin story of the legend of Bloody Mary?
Please tell me about Apollo 11.
I want to go to Italy on vacation for two weeks. I want to see historical sights.
Are there any options for slowing down or preventing hair loss?
Should you whiten your teeth?
Do you have any helpful tips on getting used to wearing sunscreen? I hate the feeling on my skin
find a doctor I just moved and need advice on how to get a new doctor
How do I make Japanese fried rice?
How often should I change my socks and underwear?
How do you fly a kite?
Who won the World Cup in 2020?
Who is Ellon Musk?
I am interested in gothic fiction. Can you describe to me what gothic fiction is about?
how do i learn to dance to hip hop?
how old is the Timex watch company?
What are some ways I can improve my memory?
I've heard sniffing paint is bad for you. Why?
I'm looking for a personalized gift for my friend for his graduation. What are some good personalized gifts I can buy?
On what day is Hanukah and who celebrates it?
My brother has a drinking problem and I'm worried about him. How can I approach him about the topic?
How do I put together a good resume and cover letter?
I’m looking for a new Mexican dish to try and make on my own. Do you know of any?
How do I get certified in food preparation?
Hey ! How many dates should I be taking my girlfriend on in a month and where should I take her?
What should I say to someone who just suffered the loss of a love one?
I'm working on a legal case, and I was wondering if you could explain the differences between voluntary manslaughter versus involuntary manslaughter, and first degree murder versus second degree murder.
How often is normal to go poo during the day?
I would like to learn some common risk management technique.
need suggestions on passive income
Can you help me learn more about the Iraq War?
What is the minimum wage in Mississippi?
Where did the Snickers candy bar get it's name?
How do you make cranberry sauce?
How do I edit the EXIF data on an image?
Can you help my choose a gift for my female partner, she's thirty years old and we've been together for eight years.
I'm curious if there has been research scientifically, about whether the non physical entities of angels, exist? A spiritual mentor that looks after people, from the afterlife?
I would like to learn some common risk management technique.
Who was the first president of the United States?
How can I make Thanksgiving stuffing from scratch?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pølse?
How can I make a scar heal and be less visible?
How can I help red and sore eyes?
I would like to build my own backyard shed.
Teaching a child how to convert a percent to a decimal
What is metal fatigue?
Hi, my friends want me to play American football with them. Can you explain the rules and how it's played?
What are some protein finger foods for babies?
I would like to learn more about the Mona Lisa painting.
Best Angelina Jolie movies
I'm considering offsite backups, for my data. Just in case of a disaster. I wonder what some of the best methods are for doing that?
What is a fun card game?
How do I make fried tempeh?
How can I dress like Ariana Grande?
When were headphones invented?
Which living singer has the most vocal range today?
What are some gifts I could get my wife for our first anniversary?
Why does a helium balloon float in the air?
Can you explain the 9/11 for me?
How can I make stuffing for thanksgiving
I want to write a Sonnet, can you help me?
I'm having some issues with a Mole Infestation.
What is a good way to mix tuna from a can for a tuna salad sandwich?
I am thinking of starting a business but I am unsure what to do. What 3 business ideas would you suggest? and why?
What is the largest river in the U.S.?
What are some good countries in Asia to bring my kids to visit?
What type of bristles should I look for when purchasing a paintbrush?
I would like to learn some information about Dungeons and Dragons.
What is the name of the man who started eBay?
What are some useful foreign languages to learn?
Why do women have such a hard time giving birth? Animals do it easily without assistance and don't seem to have as much pain.
How can I merge on the highway without stopping?
What are the benefits of green tea?
How do you get a student loan?
What important event happened in 1492?
What are some animals that I can see in a petting zoo?
can you explain what intuition is?
I didn't get to carve a pumpkin this year for halloween but I would like to next year so can you teach me how to carve a pumpkin?
I'm thinking of becoming an electrician. How often do electricians get injured or die on the job?
How can I thaw frozen meat quickly?
What is it like to feel free?
Should you leave cookies out for Santa?
I'm going to Italy and want to learn some dessert-related words in Italian.
What are some good indoor plants for Christmas?
Please tell me what you know about Mars.
what are some dishes i can make with mango?
What is the origin story of American Thanksgiving?
If I wanted to cook a ribeye steak in a cast iron skillet, should I cook it on the stove or put it in the oven?
Who wrote those books about green eggs and ham?
What show is the Luther soundtrack from?
What are some good breakfast pastries?
How much money should I give a child per tooth?
Did any of Henry Fonda's children have success in Hollywood?
How do i level my 3d printer?
How do I raise honeybees in my backyard?
Why does skin color change depending on where you are descended from on Earth?
How can I make a daily schedule
I love the poem, "The World is Too Much with Us" by Wordsworth. I'd love to know more about the poem?
Why are some people allergic to peanuts?
How can I repair a broken laptop screen?
What is Carroll Shelby famous for?
What is one of the easiest businesses I can make money with?
What are the top five punk rock bands?
I'm going to Italy and need to learn some food-related words in Italian.
What do I do? My baby keeps reaching for the electricity outlets.
How do I make chicken noodle soup?
What should I tell my kids to show them I'm proud of them?
Hi, I've heard of a high impact aerobic exercise called a donkey kick, or mule kick, and I'd like to incorporate it into my workout. Can you explain how this exercise is done?
How many people can be seated in the new yankee statium?
So, the Romans are the ones that named our days of the week?
How do I know if I have rats?
Are SUVs or minivans better for large families?
I am writing a paper and I need it to include words descriptive of nature
what are some art projects to make with aluminum foil?
What's a recipe for yellow cake?
Could you give me some tips for teaching my dog how to fetch?
Paulo Coelho has been a great author for many years. What are some of his best-known books? I might want to read another book of his.
Is Subway fast food healthier than McDonald's?
What is the song American Pie about?
Why do people from northern states like to retire in southern places like Florida?
Is the Guiness Book of World Records still published yearly?
How can I make a car costume?
What are LEAPS in the stock market?
How can you determine if water is drinkable when out in the wild?
I eat oatmeal almost every morning, but I'm getting a little bored of it. What are some good toppings or additions?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tcharek?
How can I shave my legs without hurting myself?
Hi, I recently inherited my dad's Winchester 1300 shotgun. How do I load it, and what kind of ammunition do I need for it?
What are Nielsen ratings?
Can you tell me about traditional French cuisine?
What is a lunar eclipse?
How can I speed up my metabolism?
How do I put carpeting on stairs?
Hi, I'd like to be able to get into bars and clubs, and buy alcohol, and do some adult stuff that I can't at my age. Any idea how I could go about getting fake ID that is likely to be accepted?
Did humans evolve from monkeys?
How do I make Chex Mix?
What are the worst tragedies of the modern day?
After all these years, why hasn't modern science discovered a cure for the common cold?
How do you quit a job?
Do you have to go to school to be a manicurist?
What's the most popular organized religion in the United States?
How do I paint fingernails neatly?
How can I tell when cookies are done?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
how do you adjust the way file explorer display the content?
Are artificial sweeteners better for the body than regular sugar?
What is a good bird for a pet for a child?
What are good finger foods for a two year old?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Durban Bunny Chow?
Why do I keep vomiting?
I always hear people talk about room temperature. But, what temperature is the most comfortable to have while inside?
It has been a while since I have cleaned inside my desktop computer. How am I supposed to safely clean my computer?
was johnny cash wife black
I don't feel like supporting my football team because they lost but I know I should. What should I do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fricasse?
What is Instacart?
I love listening to Jazz, especially Miles Davis. Can you recommend any similar music or artists?
Who were the members of The Eagles?
What foods are high in iron?
How do you do an update and then restart in Windows 10?
what is the largest Bear in Alaska
What is the proper way to wash a car?
I'm trying to figure out what to get my wife for Christmas. Can you help?
What are some non partisan news sites?
what are essential vaccines a child should get?
I'm 30 and have almost no friends anymore. How do people my age make friends?
Hi, I'd like to whip up some brownies. Can you give me a recipe for that?
What did people do to keep food fresh before refrigerators?
I want to learn more about the Lebanon Crisis.
What are the best virtual reality headsets for gaming?
what are fun things to do with play dough?
Should you nap during the day or not, does it mess up your sleep at night?
What does it mean when my Shih Tzu has a reverse sneeze
I want to start snowshoeing. What do I need to know?
Whenever I have a salad it hurts my stomach. Why is this?
is it safe to eat grape seeds?
Should I feed a stray dog or call the SPCA?
How do I teach a 4 year old to read books?
Is it ethical to go to watch an orca show?
What do I do to decrease my dog’s shedding?
How do I get a marriage license?
Should you plant a lilac bush in shade, full sun, or partial shade?
What is a nativity scene?
What kind of toys would a cat like?
How do i level my 3d printer?
How can I get a six pack after turning 40?
I'm using a noise maker to help me fall sleep. It plays rain and thunder sounds. Are there any other nature sounds that might be soothing to sleep to?
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
is it possible to make ice cream without an ice cream maker?
How do I make a pumpkin pie for Thanksgiving dinner?
I'm going to move to the west coast of the United States. What city do you recommend?
Is it hard to learn to break dance?
What are some good soap operas?
How can I learn to keep a secret?
is it better to teach a child letter sounds or letter names first?
What are some good African foods?
Please tell me the nutrients in bananas.
I want to be more productive at work but I have trouble staying motivated, do you have any advice for me?
How can I train my dog to sit?
My mom just got back from the hospital after suffering a heart attack. How should I take care of her?
I have a hard time getting organized to get all of my chores done. Can you help me with that?
I need to sell my house. How do I get started?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baleadas?
At what age should kids get an allowance?
Why do cats like sunlight so much?
What are some good modern opera singers?
What is "catch-and-release"? I'm guessing it's related to fishing.
Can you help me find an awd car near me?
What can I bring my friend for a housewarming party?
How do cats get fleas?
What can I tap dance on if I don't have appropriate flooring?
Can you explain to me what the "uncanny valley" refers to?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
I'm taking a trip to Prague and I want to see the local landmarks and attractions. What would you recommend?
Is it very difficult, to get a driver's license for a motorboat?
Does Sweden have a nice country side?
I'm bringing my new boyfriend home to meet my parents for the first time. How can I ensure the introduction goes smoothly?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Carbonada criolla?
How do you bring up the system specs screen in Win 10?
What is a comfortable temperature to sleep in?
How do you use a sewing machine?
I would like to know a bit of history regarding WW2 for a blog I am writing. Can you help?
What are some foods I can make from Ritz?
I want to get a library card so I can borrow a book from the library. What is the process for applying for a card?
Is it illegal to dig through dumpsters at businesses?
What is a good substitute for coffee
How did the USA end up winning the space race against the USSR?
What are some good PBS preschool programs?
How do I keep my saltwater pool running well?
I want to buy a new television but I am not sure what. I would like it to be quite big and have great colour. Can you suggest some for me?
What does an oncologist do?
I want to open a checking account. How do I do that?
How do shoe insoles help you?
how do i stay strong for my kids if a relative dies?
What are some shows my child would enjoy if he likes paw patrol?
How do I keep my heart healthy?
Could you recommend me an exercise I could do to help with a bad knee?
Do you know how I can build a tree house for my kids?
Can you walk me through how to hypnotize a person?
Find Nicole Eggert movies
Can you tell me which US cities have the largest tech sector currently?
How do I keep my white clothes looking bright?
I am going on vacation soon.
What is a tasty low carb snack?
How can I send a letter to the president of the US
I need to sell my house. How do I get started?
Why are there different time zones in the world?
What does incognito mode do in Google Chrome?
How do you remove sweat stains from white clothes?
I told my association I will move if a bad neighbor moves in
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Sabich Sandwich?
Can you tell me how commercial fishing regulations work in terms of quotas?
Can you tell me a little bit about ADHD?
What are the health benefits of black coffee?
I'm taking a trip to Seattle. Can you tell me some attractions or landmarks to check out?
Hello, I am trying to find a movie theater in Bay Ridge New York. Can you help?
What is web design?
How can I learn how to play chess?
I have noticed that a new neighbor has renovated a home down the street. One of the first thing she did was paint her front door red. Is there any hidden meaning to this?
Is climate change raising temperatures above their normal levels?
What are some cool Spanish names for kids?
How does a country that is currently experiencing high inflation rates, recover from it? What does the government need to do?
How do I make my child be less attached to a blanket?
What is the process of making ice cream?
I want to buy new speakers for my stereo system since my old ones died. Which speakers are the best for listening to music?
I have a blind date at a coffee shop and I'm very nervous.
How do I make strawberry lemonade?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nsenene?
What are places I can visit in Sydney?
What are some different ways that I can eat bananas instead of eating them plain?
Can you explain China's form of government to me? They are communist, but also seem capitalist as well.
How can I get into the habit of exercising?
If I go camping, what is a safe amount of water to bring per person per day?
I have to write a report for school about the greatest home run hitters in baseball history. Can you tell me who hit the most home runs in Major League Baseball history?
I'm trying to figure out how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Indiana.
What is a good christmas gift for my wife?
Can you name the books in the The Chronicles of Narnia series?
What is Google Play?
Hi, I'd like to do one armed pull ups, but I'm not strong enough yet, though I can do regular pull ups. Can you suggest any exercises I might use to build my strength towards doing a one armed pull up, or ways of assisting me to do one armed pull ups, so that I can work towards an unassisted one?
I need to do a project for my art class and I want help writing a plan for it.
Can you help me to figure out how to budget?
What time of the year is it best to plan turnips in Maryland?
What are some things I can make with store bought rotisserie chicken?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian drinks. Can you give me a recipe for Kopi Lethok?
Get a corn pudding recipe
What is the best way to fold a fitted sheet for my bed?
How do I help my teen to achieve work and school balance?
What is a living will?
How do I fry perfect french fries?
What kind of foods can I give to my pet bunny
I'd like to invest in solar panels, but I live in a pretty cloudy part of the world (the Pacific Northwest). What are your thoughts?
What do I do if a battery explodes in my electronic?
Can you tell me the regulations regarding size for catching ocean lobster in San Diego?
What is a Philly Cheesesteak?
Can you tell me the process to gain employment as a pet groomer?
What kind of calculator should I use for calculus?
What is the best trip to take on a train?
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
Is Gatorade helpful when you are working out?
Do you know the rules of Booray?
Can anyone register to be a bone marrow donor?
What was the Battle of Gettysburg?
I'm pretty sure my house is haunted. How should I deal with the ghosts?
What is the best way to deal with nosy neighbors?
I'd like to come up with a thoughtful and creative way, to celebrate a relative's birthday. Any points?
What is the best format for making a resume
I've been drinking a lot of coffee lately, and would like to change the drink. I've heard that tea is better for you, is it true?
Was Marco Polo an actual real explorer that shared his tales of travel in the far east upon his return to Europe?
I really like pop music. Can you suggest some recent hits I might like?
Any tips on getting up on time and avoiding snoozing?
When is the best time of year to buy a new TV?
What are kid friendly musicals?
What's the best way to teach English to someone who doesn't know the language?
What is the most reliable place to get information about the weather?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
I want to make macaroni and cheese that is similar to the macaroni and cheese that is sold by KFC.
What forms do I need to file my taxes?
How do I grow a pumpkin patch?
What are pros and cons of wearing sandals?
What are the benefits of reading the Bible?
What were the two biggest empires in the history?
Can you make a list of citrus fruits?
What is AARP?
I need a movie recommendation for a movie that is similar to Pulp Fiction.
What is a late fee on a credit card and how do you avoid them?
Do ducks make good pets for a kid?
I have trouble remembering things that I read. How can I improve my reading retention?
Why do schools push learning algebra and other boring subjects on their students?
How do I become an exercise instructor?
Hi, I'm trying to quit smoking. Can you give me any suggestions to make it easier, and more likely that my efforts will succeed?
Can you tell me about the history of cars?
When do Black Friday sales start?
What does too much caffeine do to you?
I would like a new TV show to watch. What are some good comedy shows on TV right now?
how can i reduce waste when ordering take out?
Could you help me find some techniques to help manage my time better?
How do I get someone to stop making fun of me?
How can I motivate a friend who just got fired?
When is the next version of Windows expected to be released?
What is the best phone for an elderly person?
Paulo Coelho has been a great author for many years. What are some of his best-known books? I might want to read another book of his.
If I own my house about how much will I need for every year of retirement for living expenses?
When is the best time to get married?
How many calories should a person eat a day?
Hey! I procrastinated Christmas shopping so now I desperately need help planning last minute Christmas gifts
What are some fun games to play while camping?
How can I reduce a fever?
Does China have treaties with it's neighbors if it gets attacked to come and help?
Hi, I really want to learn the key to financial freedom, but unfortunately lack financial freedom. Could you help me?
Hi! My friend's newborn is sick with jaundice and I'm wondering how to best validate her emotions but also keep things positive
My waterproof jacket shell keeps wetting out. Is this normal?
I want to put together a chair from Ikea. How should I do that?
What is a good song to propose to?
What are some toys I can get for my kids if they like Mr. Potato Head?
How do I cook frozen corn?
What if I cannot afford to throw my child a birthday party?
How can I get more respect at work?
where are most watermelons grown in the US?
What are some good gift ideas for a tea lover?
Could you provide a recipe for a Thanksgiving dinner?
I am trying to find directions to Times Square NYC
Please tell me about Godiva chocolates. They are my favorite.
What is the best riddle you know?
How do I make fried noodles?
How can I get a better nights rest
I've been curious about NFTs (especially NFT games like Axie Infinity) but have never really had the time to look more into them. I've read tidbits of info on them, but still have doubts about making a living out of playing those games. What's the fuss about?
I have to write a short story about a toothbrush. Can you do one for me?
What are the best things to plant in a garden?
What are the top revenue generating football teams in the U.S., I wonder?
I want to bring a nice bottle of wine to a dinner party. Can you help me decide on the right kind?
My son got chocolate on the couch. Is there a way to remove the stain?
How can I help my friend who's going through a divorce?
How can I move my baby in the head first position before childbirth?
I'm trying to figure out how to write a personal budget. Can you help with that?
How do I keep my baby from kicking his shoes off?
How do I learn how to ice skate?
I'm travelling this summer and need to ask for a taxi in different languages.
I need more information on how World War 1 started. How did it start and what countries were directly involved in starting the war?
Who was the unibomber?
What are some strategies for winning at blackjack?
Hi, assistant
I am going to retire and want to buy a Hamm Radio. How do I get a license?
If a helicopter's engines fails in mid flight, does the helicopter just fall straight down like a rock?
What do I do about a bad back from lifting things at work?
What are some good crock pot asian ideas?
How can I solve a sudoku puzzle?
Is it worth it to go to a ski resort if I can't ski?
My coffee tastes off. How do I clean my Keurig?
Why is Buddhism so similar to Jainism?
Can you tell me about the life of Barack Obama
How do I engage a toddler in pretend play?
When was the last hurricane in Florida?
I have heard that gulf wax has many uses. Would you mind listing some of them?
How can I find my states liability car insurance limits?
What was the top box office movie in 2000?
Is diet soda still bad for you?
Is cooking a meal a good first date?
What are the best ways to prepare for a marathon? I run several 10 K races in the past, but a Marathon seem intimidating.
Is Kashmir in India or Pakistan?
How do I make a pineapple upside down cake?
How do I put dental wax on braces?
Can you suggest games based on story telling?
Who is the best Wonder Woman portrayer
What do you do at a Bingo game?
What are some fun Summer Olympic Sports to watch?
Could you give me a couple recommendations on bands similar to Black Sabbath?
Is heat or cold better for pain?
How can I tell my friend I need some space?
Can you recommend me epic book series like LOTR?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Klippfisk?
How do you screenshot on an Iphone?
With Christmas coming up, I want to get a small gift for my child's 5th grade teacher. Do you have any ideas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Danish dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pølse?
what should i consider when thinking of freezing my eggs?
What kind of diet is low in carbs?
The timer is getting short, one last question? What is the best way to make a cake?
What are some things to do in Los Angeles
how much money should i give a 7 year old for an allowance?
Should I buy a Chromebook or a Windows computer?
Can you give me tips to writing a good screenplay?
Should I choose graveyard shift or day shift?
Do you know of a particular knot that tensions easily around round objects when pulled tight, but does not easily loosen? I want the string to grip tightly around a pole.
What is the process for trial of a new drug?
How do battery operated socks work?
What is the quickest way to get rid of a pimple?
How do I live a more sustainable lifestyle?
What is the best way to protect a phone?
How can I learn to become better at dealing with confrontation?
what are some good day trips from san francisco?
How do you know if you are entering menopause?
I've been getting into improv comedy lately and I'm wondering if there's a place I can go to watch and also perform improv. I live in Salt Lake City, Utah.
I like going to Starbucks at times. Right now, I wanna make one of their drinks at home. Do you know the steps of how I can make a Starbucks salted caramel mocha?
What are some nice milk chocolate with caramel?
There are so many different types of apples. What is the best tasting apple of them all?
I'm preparing a holiday dinner and need a unique recipe. I was given the vegetable category to bring to the dinner. Any suggestions?
How do I make juice out of watermelon?
Hello, I am trying to find out if aliens are real. Can you help?
What element gives volcano that rotten egg smell?
Please tell me the history of the Vatican.
Search for Billie Eilish songs
Can you give me examples of online trading platforms? I'll start. Fidelity is a well known trading platform.
Why do humans love dogs so much?
What is twitch.tv ?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sim Sim Cookies?
How do I drive a car with a manual transmission?
I'm trying to teach a two year old to drink from a real glass (not a bottle), how should I do it
I am trying to find out about the origin of Leap Day. Can you help me?
When writing about a smell, a scent, what are some good ways to communicate such?
What are some good brands of adult diapers?
Why did England go to war with Argentina?
My parents are elderly, and my father just died, leaving my mother a widow and alone. I'm worried about how she's going to cope. What can I do to help her?
What is the best way to cook chicken so it's juicy and flavorful?
What is the longest word in the English language
When is the best time to visit Scotland?
How do I stop my mum worrying about me all the time?
How do I make fried tofu?
What can I say in a tribute to someone that died.
How do I fight a traffic ticket in court?
why I have to pee a lot
I would like to learn about how fans work.
My child only wants to play with one kid. how do I get her to make other friends?
My mom has been suffering from sciatica for a long time and its not getting better. Is there anything she can do?
1. Define the term conjugate prior. 2. Define the term non-informative prior
Could you help me write a poem about Thanksgiving? I want it to include the words "turkey," "cranberry sauce," and "family."
Can you give some examples of gemstones in a list format. I know there are many so naming a few will suffice.
How do I teach a child to brush their own hair?
What month is the US Open played in?
Can you explain the process that Reddit uses when closing a sub-Reddit for violating community guidelines?
Are there any health benefits to swimming in ocean water?
What are the ways in which I can research the history of my home?
What are the best movies directed by Sergio Leone?
How do I learn to ride an atv?
How do I make pasta from zucchini?
Is a veterinarian a good career?
Can you help me gather information for a research paper about World War 2?
How can I get AHK to do my tasks for me?
How often should I wash my hands?
What is a QR code?
What are some DIy decorations an adult could make?
Hi, what's up?
How do I eat more healthy?
How can I find the requirements for getting into Harvard?
Can you give me some tips on writing an effective cover letter? I need to update mine on my resume.
How do you observe a solar eclipse without specialize equipment so you don't get blinded by the sunlight?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Stuffed Artichokes?
What kind of supplements should you take?
What can I use to give myself a homemade tattoo?
What is Christianity?
Hi, I'm thinking about changing my lifestyle, and going to live on a canal boat. Would you recommend it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fufu?
I'm trying to find places to visit in Barcelona.
Find the best selling movie of all time.
I have to come up with alliterations specifically within the subject of the ocean. So organisms found in the ocean or things related to the ocean.
I'm looking for a new desktop computer
Is it true that the government lied about Iraq having WMDs?
How do I make a pineapple upside down cake?
How do you use a measuring cup correctly with dry ingredients like flour?
I'm not sure I want to have children because of the associated costs. I don't really know how to approach this subject with my partner without sounding selfish or overly frugal.
I'm looking to build muscle
How do I keep pipes from freezing in the winter?
I want to put together a chair from Ikea. How should I do that?
What has been the historical prices of gold and major market events for gold since the Great Depression?
What are some fun things to collect in the forest?
How do I remove a label from a bottle?
Are there tours of Graceland open to the general public?
Sometimes after a long and stressful day at work I like to relax and unwind by watching tv. Are there any feel-good shows you could recommend?
How can I learn to think more logically?
What should one do when witnessing a pedestrian run over?
How do I teach myself to roller skate?
What can I get my child for their preschool graduation?
How do I make my butt perkier?
Hey! I need some support to get through my fear of abandonment and not being good enough.
Can you teach me about capital gains tax?
I'm trying to learn how to make vegan jerky, can you provide me a recipe?
What are simple ways to build upper body strength?
What are some fun animal sidekicks from movies?
can i fish in a river?
What are the best stocks to invest in?
Are chinchillas good pets for kids?
Can you describe how an autonomous car works?
How do you start a campfire?
Why does the military cut their hair so short?
I want to get a library card so I can borrow a book from the library. What is the process for applying for a card?
What are some good flavors of frosting for doughnuts?
How should I treat food poisoning?
What is an automated weather station?
Can you tell me how to make a chocolate malt?
I have to put my mother in a nursing home and I'm feeling guilty about this.
Where did Cyber Monday come from?
Is it possible that other dimensions exist?
Can you tell me the folklore behind the Nordic goddess Freya?
How do I prevent pimples from forming?
What are some common types of mushrooms that I can cook with?
What are some good places to visit in Phuket?
What are essential spices I should include in my spice rack?
I need to write a paper about a major historical event in a foreign country. I feel like writing something about China. Can you list some major events throughout history I can pick from?
So many movies have themes of time travel, but they're mostly fiction. Do physicists have much proof about time travel, if it's possible?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Basbousa?
Is the world flat or round?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Riz Frite?
Search for a cherry crisp recipe
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
Which tie knot is best for a formal occasion like a wedding?
What is the child tax credit?
What are some fun souvenirs to bring back from mexico?
Can you help me find out which plants are easy to take care of and have a nice scent?
Dou you think jurassic park could happen in real life?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Laffa Bread?
How can you give yourself a makeover at home?
Why do some Americans hate migrant workers so bad?
How can I store knee high boots?
Do all roses have thorns?
What are ways to help treat and ease the pain of an ear infection?
What was Ancient Rome like?
What are some extracurricular activities my high school daughter can take?
What are some cool things to do in San Jose?
I'm planning a trip where I will be spending a lot of time outdoors in the rain. Could you suggest a good rain coat that will keep me dry and warm?
How do I make prunes?
Why did the motion picture industry set up camp in Hollywood, California?
How do I care for a Power Wheels battery?
What is the most simple way to make your own bread
What hours does USPS deliver mail?
I'm trying to learn more about the Transnistria War.
Is a beagle a good pet?
Why do cats and dogs have so many babies all at once and humans don't?
How can I identify a certain type of weed that I have in my yard?
I overheard the term "Schrodinger's cat" being used and I'm not sure I know what it is. Can you explain it to me?
I have to help plan a wedding and I have no experience with it. What are some things I need to know about wedding planning?
How does a secured credit card work?
Is the Republican Party a bunch of racists and bigots?
Why does England along with some other European countries still follow a Monarchy based system?
Can you give me details on what's covered on a DMV driving test, when getting your license?
I'm having trouble with JavaScript on a webpage. Can you tell me how to get the current URL when the user clicks anywhere on the page?
Hey! My husband has been having a hard time finding work lately and I'm having a hard time knowing how to support him. I try to give him positive praise and encouragement, but he dismisses me. I try to send him jobs and he says that he doesn't want to do that type of work. How do I support him through this tough time and loss of confidence?
What are some animals that make fun noises, for toddlers?
What is the process for signing my child up to a local tennis club?
I'm trying to cut back on junkfood. What are some healthy snack alternatives?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Miris?
How do I float on my back in the water?
Which animals besides primates are the smartest?
what is Led Zeppelin?
Is climate change raising temperatures above their normal levels?
How can I put my hair in a messy bun?
How do I put a baby to sleep who is agitated but just won't fall asleep?
How many languages do you know?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cook-up rice?
Should you throw out your sponge or try to sanitize it?
I'm going to the beach soon, can you give me some fun activities to do?
How do I get stains out of clothing?
Can you provide me with a very simple homemade hot chocolate recipe?
What year was World of Warcraft released?
Can you provide me with ways I can help someone suffering from PTSD?
What's the average age of retirement for Americans in 2021?
When was the US Battleship Montana comissioned?
could aliens be here already?
What cut of beef makes the best steak?
Sometimes it feels like my heart skips a beat. Is anything wrong?
What is a millennial?
Is there any evidence that racism is based in any type of science that one race is better than another?
How do I get rid of underarm fat?
Is Australia a nice country to visit?
Do I need to soak navy beans before I cook them on the stove?
what are some fun xbox games for multiplayer?
I'm worried that my son is spending too much time on social media apps on his phone. Can you help me?
I'm trying to do a load of laundry for the first time. What are the steps I need to know to do my laundry?
Does England have a history of slavery in their country?
I want to make my home feel more connected to nature. What are some ways I can bring nature indoors to decorate?
What kind of food do I give my pet lizard
If I like Phoebe Bridgers, what other artists should I listen to?
Why do people like to go on cruises?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kalo?
Can you eat green tomatoes?
Why are mice afraid of cats?
I want to try making homemade ice cream. What equipment do I need for this?
My friend's mother just died. How can I support her through her grief?
How do I make Mexican carne asada tacos?
How can I take a cruise if I get seasick?
What are some ideas for artwork I can put in my bathroom?
What is asthma?
How do you turn on dark or night mode in Chrome?
How did they figure out how to make an hourglass timer before we had stopwatches or clocks?
is captain planet still on tv somewhere?
How can I fix a cracked windshield myself
I am having a tough time in school right now and I could use some advice.
How can I make Thanksgiving dressing?
How do I know which type of plastic can be recycled?
I just moved across the country from my friends and family. How can I keep in touch with them?
How can I buy a Gucci purse?
How do you remove a detachable magazine from a rifle ?
when was alaska discovered
Can you help me learn how to bake a strawberry short cake?
What should I pack to go on a fall picnic?
How do I go back to school?
What color is the sky?
How do I make my house have a minimalistic look?
What is usually done at a vow renewal ceremony
What are some good toys for kids who like building blocks?
Please tell me the history of Apple Inc.
I'm looking for advice to become better at swimming.
How do I decide which child should put the star on the Christmas tree?
Veterans Day was celebrated recently. I wonder what the history of that holiday is?
How strong is titanium?
What are some things that I can add to a healthy smoothie?
How do I dress for a Sunday Service?
Where was the first railroad invented?
What did Pamela Anderson star in?
Can you explain the process of natural selection to me
Why is it important to stretch before exercising?
what are essential vaccines a child should get?
Why is the sky blue?
Which TV shows are similar to Sons of Anarchy?
How much water should you drink every day?
I want to make brownies. The last time I made them, they were very dry. Can you help me.
What exactly is dyslexia?
Is going into a lot of student debt worth it in order to go to a prestigious college? I feel like going to a community college and then a state school makes more sense.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sri Lankan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ulundhu Vadai?
How can I comfort a teenager that has been rejected from their favorite college?
How do you screenshot on an Iphone?
How do I become a news reporter?
I want to make some homemade pop-tarts. Do you have a recipe that is easy to follow?
What are some ways that I can prevent snoring?
How they type in Japanese if there are so many symbols in their language?
How many bones are in my right hand?
How do I increase my income?
Can you tell me why Pete Rose was banned from baseball?
Why are mosquitos attracted to blood?
what are some fun shows to watch in the morning?
Making women wear clothing that covers them head to toe seems so weird, why do they do it?
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
What should I get for a snack?
Find a stuffed mushroom recipe
Is it expensive to just use a generator as a source of electric power instead of the power company?
How do you compute for a square root of a number?
I'm thinking about getting a pet duck, do you know if this is legal in the states of Maryland?
Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for caramel apples?
What is Independence Day in the United States?
Should I take Vitamin D supplements?
Can you explain what a standard deviation is to me?
I'm curious about some simple ways to save on gasoline? I've heard that taking anything heavy out of the car, may improve gas mileage.
I would like to learn more about investing in stocks with dividends. Can you explain this concept and how I can utilize dividends to build passive income?
Is there a way to make address labels yourself?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
My twins hate each other. What can I do?
I'd like to buy a new laptop, and wondered if you could help recommend one?
I suffer from seasonal allergies, how can I eliminate allergens in my home?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sauerbraten?
How do I choose a class schedule for my first semester of college?
How can I remove old car wax that's on my car?
Do you know any jokes that are suitable for kids?
Can you tell me a recipe for an Indian curry dish?
How do you know if your dog has been bit by a tick?
Is it still customary to send flowers to a funeral?
Do you know the history of who invented the Hyatt hotel company?
Can you give me a recipe for home made cold brew?
How do I build my own web Paige?
What are some vegetables to use on pizza?
Hi, my yard is infested with ground squirrels. How can I get rid of them?
I'm really into pairings. Right now, I want to know about herb and spice pairings with wine. I want to know what wines I can pair basil, mint and cilantro with.
how do i make peach jam?
I want to learn the history of the Constitution of the United States of America.
Why can't you buy any new 3 wheeled off road vehicles anymore?
What is it like to visit Japan?
I am writing a paper and I need it to include words descriptive of nature
How do I stop cats from pooping in my yard?
What is a fantasy book you would recommend for young adults?
I'm going away to college for the first time. How can I meet people and make friends?
What are some documents I should get prepared if I want a divorce?
I'm going camping. Can wait for s'mores
I would like to learn how to make my own pizza dough at home.
Who was Cleopatra?
How should I reward good behavior in the classroom?
How do I butcher a chicken?
I need some plans for a cat tree that I can make at home. Can you help me with some ideas?
How do I know whether to use oil based or water based paint?
How do I fix a flat tire on my car?
How can I get tree sap off my car
What TV stations have a lot of documentaries?
How can I reduce my food waste?
How can I tell if a pineapple is ripe?
Can you help me determine if my computer can run the game league of legends?
what are some good conservative news sources?
Can you tell me of electronics I should take with me when traveling? Definitely a cell phone
How do I balance my check book?
Why did girls scream so much when they heard the Beatles?
How do I clean a coffee maker?
Which breed of dog should I get? I've just moved into a new apartment, and there's a couple of rooms, and we have access to a local park, but don't want to go on big walks.
What do I need to learn to be a web designer?
How old do you need to be to be eligible for Medicare in the US?
What are some cool countries to visit in Asia?
How can I advertise my Etsy page?
I'm trying to get some help with dealing with sudden depression.
How can I make a superman costume?
I'm looking for good companies to do online gig work. Any thoughts on this?
Can I buy discount tickets to disney
I want to talk more about the Maori people of New Zealand.
Is there a good recipe for banana bread?
I have a job interview at a local coffee shop tomorrow. What should I wear?
I am trying to make crepes for breakfast for my girlfriend this morning but I have never made them before. Can you help me out?
How do I know when I need to replace my car tires?
What are some nice cookies to enjoy with milk?
How can I get better at proofreading?
How much sleep should a woman in her 30s be getting every night on average?
I'm having problems with my significant other and feel like we're growing more distant. We're spending less time together. What can we do to help remedy this distance?
Which country produces the most coffee in the world?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rachta?
I'm taking the Greyhound bus to Philadelphia tomorrow and then I plan on visiting The Franklin Institute. Can you help me get from Philadelphia's Greyhound station to The Franklin Institute?
Does having Christmas lights all over the outside of your house make the electricity bill a lot higher?
Hi, assistant
What age can kids learn to sew?
Search for a ham and potato soup recipe
I want to know the origin of bagels and how they were introduced to the United States.
How do loans work?
I'd like to make my own baby food.
Is it ok to carry my iguana around to public places on my shoulder?
How can I improve my penmanship?
What exactly is dyslexia?
Register for unemployment in Florida
How do I teach my kids to eat neatly?
I think I've mentioned to you before how much I like Japanese food. I have a lot of Japanese curry, but there's curry from other places in the world. Can you tell me the differences between Japanese curry and Indian curry?
How do you know you are happy?
Which type of birds make the best pets?
What are comfortable materials to wear in the winter?
I am interested in gothic fiction. Can you describe to me what gothic fiction is about?
I'm thinking about getting a Chinese Shar-Pei as a pet. Do they make good pets?
How old do kids need to be before they don't need child car seats anymore?
How do I become a hair stylist?
Why is my microwave making a buzzing sound?
How can you make a spicy hamburger?
What is the proportion of lemons to water when making lemonade
I love The Sopranos, and Michael Imperioli was great as Christopher. What has he been up to since The Sopranos?
What's a good way to keep clothes from getting wrinkled if I have no place to hang them?
I am very pale, but I'd like to be tan. What are some of the ways I can get my skin to look tanner?
Do you think civilians will be able to go to outer space?
how should i cook pork to make sure it is good to eat?
Can you help me pick a movie to watch tonight?
How do you put a phone in airplane mode?
Find Alexandra Paul movies
how do i make a fruit parfait?
I want to put together a classic Italian dinner. What types of dishes should I include?
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
What should you wear to a funeral?
What time of the year is it best to visit Japan?
How do I give my dog a rabies shot?
Can you help me with my mental illness?
Who is the current host of The Tonight Show?
How can I get my brother and sister to stop fighting?
What can I buy for a present for a kid who loves mermaids?
I just finished Breaking Bad and thought it was great. Can you recommend similar shows?
Can you help me find a Christmas movie?
How can I stop a bunion from growing?
Can you teach me how to make a smoothie?
Can you give me some tips on how to stop stressing about things one cannot change?
How do I cook mashed potatoes?
How do I start planning my wedding?
how do I support someone who is depressed?
How do i organize a fundraiser?
What is the best way to bring a fever down?
How does foster care work?
Greta Garbot was such an icon, and died, too early. What were some of her well known works?
HI, I just graduated high school, and my goal is to become an attorney. What steps should I take to move towards this career?
How can I build my immune system?
With thanksgiving coming up I was wondering how to perfectly cook a turkey for dinner.
I want to start playing some JRPGs. What are the most popular ones?
why is there a computer chip shortage?
How do I heal from family trauma so that I can break cycles and become my highest self
How can I get a cheaper car insurance rate?
I need a list of "big box retailers" in the US.
How do you cheer up nursing home patients?
When was the Pontiac division started?
How can I become a tour guide?
How do I patch a hole
Should I go to Disneyland or California Adventure?
What is the best full frame camera on the market?
Is a car alarm worth the cost?
Sometimes I need to write technical documentation. Can you give me some tips on how I can make sure my instructions are as clear as possible?
What year did George W. Bush become president of the Untied States?
What is the quickest way to learn another language?
How do I cry less when I get emotional?
I want to take a trip to visit my family overseas. How do I purchase a plane ticket?
What are some fun things to collect in the forest?
How healthy is eating pasta on a regular basis? I've heard it's mostly bad carbs.
Hi, I'm interested in learning about New Wave music, particularly the stuff from the 70s and 80s. Can you help me put together a playlist of popular and well-regarded New Wave songs?
What did Thomas Edison invent?
My ear has been ringing for as long as I can remember. Why is this?
What are some dishes I can use pear in?
What artist cut off part of his ear?
Des hard apple cider have alcohol in it?
What's a good way to make communities stronger following a disaster?
What does feather in a cap mean
What can someone due to increase their level of intelligence?
What is Issac Newton famous for
How do I learn about the candidates I am voting for?
How can I learn to project my voice?
what sort of car can i get for a family of six?
Can you describe the steps of touching up a tiny spot of chipped auto paint?
My earbuds are having problems where the sound is only coming out of one side. Do you have any advice on troubleshooting this issue?
Who is Tony Bennett?
I've heard one shouldn't recycle black plastic, do you have any info on that?
What is the top best selling book of 2021?
I have two ribeyes that I want to cook on my charcoal grill. I've never used a grill before though. Can you help?
Can you explain how a touchscreen works?
Can you explain what cryptocurrency is?
Can you give me instructions for Installing a solar panel on my roof?
Sometimes when I am reading a recipe, it'll say chop or mince. What is the difference between chopping and mincing?
Has the price of cigarettes gone down in the last few years?
What are the origins of Halloween?
What are some good pies to make for Christmas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Matbucha?
What is the Paris Peace Treaty of 1919?
What is intermittent fasting?
what if i come across wolf cubs in the wild?
I would like to know about Jehovah's Witnesses. My grandmother is a very devout believer and I do not follow any sort of religion. What are some things I should know when conversing with her?
What is Christianity?
What should you do when you feel lonely?
Hi, I'm dating a Goth girl and I want to familiarize myself with the music she likes. Can you help me put together a playlist of important Goth bands, albums, and songs?
What can I use on baby's hair to make it sit a certain way?
What can I do to thicken my thin hair
who are some good pop singers of the modern day?
Find Clint Eastwood movies
How come when people get fat their belly buttons are still deep cavities, but when women get pregnant, their bellies expand out?
What are some good side dishes to make with fish sticks?
What are some ways to make a quesadilla?
Why should one age meat?
What time is it when an elephant sits on a fence?
What is "catch-and-release"? I'm guessing it's related to fishing.
I heard that corn originated from North America, is that true?
I’m moving into a new house tomorrow and need help figuring out what I should buy for the house
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Posho?
Who was the oldest person who ever lived?
How do I make a mexican corn cocktail?
What are some fun flavors of cheesecake I can make?
What type of Christmas tree is the most popular, artificial or natural?
Why do people believe in numerology?
Can you run me through what "common core" math is?
What is the best selling doll of all time?
What does detox mean?
What are ways to write about a character that is trying to take down an evil company?
I would like to learn more about the Popular Anime Pokemon.
What time of the year should I plant cabbage in my garden if I live on the east coast?
Why is the USA so polarized when it comes to politics?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
Beethoven always produced such complex works. I'm curious about his origins, where he was born and grew up.
How do you comfort a friend who just lost a pet?
How do you treat dry, red eyes?
What is the highest mountain in Alaska?
What do I do if I see a rabid animal?
Where did dandelions evolve?
How do rocket get some much thrust from burning fuel?
What are some side dishes to make with roast beef?
What are some things that are good to take along on a hiking trip?
My leg is swollen. What could be wrong?
What are some fun things i can build out of legos with a ten year old?
What is the 6th amendment?
How can I learn to become better at dealing with confrontation?
Can you help me figure out how to tell a client that I have helped them as much as I can and they have to figure out the rest on their own?
Can you tell me if Brown Tree snakes are native to North America?
A friend was talking to me about "ions" but I am unsure what they are. Can you help me to understand this concept/what an ion actually is?
What is your name?
Who was Lazarus?
What is a good vacation destination that is rich in culture and traditions?
How can I grow lavender from a cutting?
What does having relationship mean?
I've heard that sometimes it can be dangerous to swim in rives and lakes because of bacteria in the water. Can you tell me what are things I can do to protect myself if I ever swim in one of those bodies of water?
What exactly is dyslexia?
What is the price of a first class stamp?
Would a video game designer be a fun career?
What are the warning signs of kidney stones?
How do I take care of an aloe plant?
Is it safe to try to wash a dry clean only dress?
Can you help me learn more about continental drift and what it is?
Are no show or ankle socks better?
What are some of the best PlayStation 5 games?
Why can I never remember my dreams?
How can I cut a piece of wood to make a 30 degree slope with the ground?
how do i learn to scuba?
Search for carmel apple pie
I want to make my CV more professional and stand out to potential emloyers, any advice you can give me?
I've never made a steak myself before. Can you walk me through the process to make it really good?
Is soccer a good sport for kids?
should i continue flossing if it makes my mouth bleed?
How can I relax after a long and stressful day at work?
When was the first Disney World park established?
I have been told that storing cut onions in a plastic container in the fridge will cause that container to always smell like onions even after I wash it. So I store cut onions in a plastic Ziploc bag. I would rather store them in plastic containers. Is this a true thing or is it made up?
What should I pack to go to a water park?
How do I become less intoxicated while drinking?
Foxes are beautiful, but I hear they make bad pets. Wonder why?
I sprained my ankle playing basketball. How should I care for it?
How do you keep the paint looking nice on your car?
find a recipe for chicken gumbo
What are some ways that I can lower my heart rate?
What are the Great Lakes in North America?
I'm looking to get some environmentally friendly gifts for my family this Christmas to encourage them to go 'green'.
I was wondering how pizza dough is different than Indian flat bread? Are the recipes different?
What is astral projection?
What should I wear to a bridal shower?
If I can only afford one streaming service, which one is the best?
Where can I take my kids within the United States to see nice natural waterfalls?
Who would win in a race between a tiger and a bear?
What's the difference between AC and DC current?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Churrasco ?
What year was the colored Gameboy released in the United States?
What are some landscaping tips and advice for beginners?
How does someone get verified on Instagram?
There are so many different types of apples. What is the best tasting apple of them all?
Hi! This week it has been difficult to enjoy relaxing, I feel guilty for laying down and not being productive
What areas of the United States get hurricanes?
I just received a money order as payment for something that I was selling. But I don't know what to do with one. Can you tell me out to get the cash value of a money order?
what are some fun classic cartoons?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
I've enjoyed books by Stephen King in the past. What are some of his top books?
What was the most popular song in 1999?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
What is the difference between a secretary and a receptionist?
I am confused about the difference between LED and LCD in television. Can you explain the difference?
Should you learn CPR?
What are symptoms of whiplash?
How can I build a sturdy rock wall?
Is Iceberg lettuce nutritious?
What is your favorite color?
What is the most reliable car on the market right now?
Why do people with diabetes lose their toes?
I want to learn more about the original power rangers.
How can I keep roaches out of my house
What is the most scenic island in Hawaii?
Is the price of silicon expected to go up within the next year?
So I have a senior dog who is getting close to his last days of life. What would be some special moments to treat him to before I have to put him down?
I'm moving to a new house and the skyscraper I'm thinking about moving into is tilting a little bit. How would you recommend that I evaluate the risk that it might fall down?
How do I deal with a client who is rude and aggressive?
Search for an apple crumb cake recipe
Another medical which I know are hard. Are there any particular foods that are highly recommended for lowering blood pressure?
how were the Egyptian Pyramids made?
How do you make your home safer for the elderly?
I'm trying to reduce my plastic waste from cleaning products. Do you have any suggestions of ways I can do that?
I'm learning about different policies. What does affirmative action help accomplish?
Can you tell me how a real estate investment fund works?
Would you explain to me how measles are spread from human to human?
What type of ship is the USS Midway?
how can i teach my child to count money?
Why do athletic sports separate male and female competitions?
Who was Ted Bundy?
Can you tell me how AI works to recognizes objects in images?
How can I help to comfort someone who is in the hospital when I know they probably won't be getting out?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dholl Puri & Roti?
How do you create a writing portfolio?
What if I never feel satiated?
What are places to visit in Chattanooga?
When was australia discovered?
What are the differences between milk and soy milk?
Which video game company developed the game called Uncharted?
Why did he stop talking to me
How do I make my kids grow up bilingual?
How do I put a baby to sleep who is agitated but just won't fall asleep?
how often should i bring my kids to see their grandparents?
How do you help the kids write a letter to Santa?
how do i set up a scavenger hunt?
I need some advice on how to make a broccoli rice and cheese casserole
What TV stations have a lot of documentaries?
How can I help a picky eater enjoy meat and poultry?
How do I play I Spy?
what are good shows for kids like sesame street?
Any tips on how to improve energy level in the afternoon?
What are some movies about serial killers?
I need to repair my garage door
Are plastic bags or reusable bags better?
Do you know how one can avoid sleep paralysis?
Is Nike brand more famous than Adidas?
I'm helping my son write an essay for school. It's about what he thinks the future will be like. For example, will there be robots everywhere? Will people travel in the air more? I wondered if you had any tips or ideas?
Does it cost more money when you turn your heat on and off? My grandma used to tell me that, but I don't understand why.
Who was Natalie Cole?
What is a state forest?
I like to leave my night light on for my porch, but the bugs do tend to leave a mess. Yellow lights sometimes work, sometimes don't. Any suggestions on keeping a night light on outside, and avoiding bug mess ?
What are way to decline an invitation after already declining multiple previous times?
Does a flannel jacket keep you warm?
Hi! What podcasts should I listen to?
What are things I can use to cook spam?
I have to write a narrative essay. What does that mean?
Who owns Slack?
Can you give me safety tips when caught in a fire?
What is the CDC?
i have a strange lump on my arm. what should i do?
I've been drinking, but I need to be home by curfew. How do I know if I'm okay to drive?
Are there any resources I can use to learn how to calculate probability?
I've never really heard much jazz before. Can you give me some essentials to get into it?
what should i do if i don't have enough time to cook?
what are some good japanese anime shows for boys?
what are fun crafts to do on easter?
What is the reason people paint the bottom part of tree trunk white?
I was told that my relative invented the first submarine. Could you tell me who invented the Submarine?
How do I save battery on my cell phone?
Is it hard to learn to play drums?
What are some good Colombian meals?
My daughter got chewing gum stuck in her hair. I need to know how I can get it out without having to cut her hair.
How does a person build their social media skills?
Does a whetstone require cleaning?
Sometimes when I am reading a recipe, it'll say chop or mince. What is the difference between chopping and mincing?
can i scuba dive if i am obese?
I'd like to know more about nikola tesla and his inventions. Can you help?
why do people like donald trump?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Eggball?
I think I have too many credit cards and want to close my account on one of them. Will doing this harm my credit?
What is a good kids show for a 3 year old?
Who is Barak Obama?
How do you put the top up in a convertible?
Can you tell me how to get on the ballot as a presidential candidate?
How do I sign up for a facebook account?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sicilian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Grilled Eggplant Parmigiana?
What are some nice soups if I am sick?
At what age do most men start to lose muscle mass?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Sabich Sandwich?
what is a good recipe for a cider donut?
How can I slick back my hair into a neat ponytail?
Hello. Could you help me identify a bird that I rarely see? It is primarily yellow and black. I live in North Carolina.
I was thinking about the civil war we had in the USA today and was wondering if there was a good reason for all that death and destruction?
Should I feed a stray dog or call the SPCA?
what are some things i can cut out of my budget so that i can save for a trip?
How many calories do you need in a day?
How do you search browsing history in Google Chrome?
How can I keep my shih tzu's coat healthy?
I need a good book recommendation
What are two side dishes I can serve with shrimp?
I'm looking for some new music to listen to. I usually like EDM with Avicii and Galantis being two of my favourite artists. What other songs or artists could I listen to?
I've never watched any of the Jurassic Park movies before. Do I need to start from the first one to understand the story, or are they separate?
Find what year Bob Ross died
What are some hacks to remove glitter from the floor?
How do you cook sous vide?
What is a compost pile?
What is the biggest mammal in the world?
Where is Buenos Aires?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
How do I get over a lost pet?
Is Ringo Starr still recording?
What languages are spoken in South America?
Can you tell me the rules for running in a public marathon race?
Is meat harmful or helpful to health?
How do I make homemade gravy?
How do I grow a pumpkin patch?
I'm trying to figure out the best exercise I can do to help improve my cardio.
How do I get used to a reduced salt diet?
I'm looking for a good new pop song. Can you recommend any?
Who developed the first car for the united states?
How can I cut a piece of wood to make a 30 degree slope with the ground?
How can I make cannabis edibles?
I heard that basketball was an American invention?
I want to know the origin of bagels and how they were introduced to the United States.
I feel fat no matter what I eat. How can I lose another 20 pounds?
What is the New York Stock Exchange?
Hi, my bathtub has started to get black marks on it. Can you give me any suggestions for how to clean those off?
How do I fall asleep quicker after waking up?
How do I organize my garage?
How do I make a pot roast?
What is the best way to invest money?
What are some dishes that feature mushrooms?
How can I adjust water pH?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dajaj mashwi?
I'd like one day to swim with dolphins in the wild, do you think it's possible?
What is the meaning of life?
what is the largest turkey ever recorded
Who is Moby Dick?
How do I manage distractions at work?
How do you make a bruise go away faster?
What is the difference between Katakana and Hiragana?
I'm trying to learn about crime in a certain neighborhood
How long should it take to potty train a child?
What is the solar system?
How do I clean a mirror?
I'm going to a rodeo for the first time. What can I expect?
I need some information on how to train a service dog puppy.
Can you explain the function of chromosomes?
Is a cookbook a good gift?
What is the best wine for gift giving
Can you tell me why Israel and Palestine are still fighting so much?
A friend loves to chew on pen, I would like to help him overcome this bad habit, what should I do?
Have they rebuilt the twin towers?
I want to gain muscle. What’s some practical steps to gain muscle?
How do I put fondant on a cake?
I want to make dinner rolls for Christmas dinner. Do you have a recipe?
Why does the Earth spin and not just sit still?
How do you take a good photograph?
I want to make oatmeal cookies. Do you have a good recipe?
How can I clear my nasal passages?
How do I choose a new vacuum?
Can you give some examples of cable television providers in the US?
When do solar eclipses occur?
I spilled red wine on my carpet, how do I get the stain out?
Which living singer has the most vocal range today?
Is it hard to learn to play drums?
How can I find out who the most popular music artists of 2021 are?
Is roller skating easy to learn?
My dog has fleas. How do I get rid of them?
What are some unusual places to visit in the world?
How do you fully wash a car?
What is concealer?
Is there a limit on how cold something can be?
Do you know of any tips for making a long distance relationship work?
Which type of bird makes for the best pet?
What sport should I try to get into playing?
What do I need to start a podcast?
How do I keep animals from knocking over my trash can?
Can you tell me when winter starts this year?
Can you help me find an awd car near me?
How can I learn to play the piano?
Please tell me which vehicle is often called the first muscle car?
Who is buried in Grant's tomb
So I love having sushi and want to branch out and start eating sashimi. They look very much alike, but apparently they are not the same?
I'm trying to learn more about the Swine Flu pandemic.
Which company was the first to develop the personal computer?
What are good ideas for an emoji themed birthday party?
I'm helping my son write an essay for school. It's about what he thinks the future will be like. For example, will there be robots everywhere? Will people travel in the air more? I wondered if you had any tips or ideas?
What are some fun chocolatey smoothies I can make?
How do you play roulette?
Do you know the best colleges for art?
What is Oracle?
Can you recommend something to buy for Christmas for my two year old niece?
Who does CCleaner do for your computer?
What is the most famous Christmas Movie?
How do I use a VPN on my computer?
What does wage garnishment mean?
What are some beginner tips for taking good pictures?
What does the number "0451" mean in gaming?
It was suggested to me to see a therapist. How does someone know it's the right time to see a therapist?
How do I bathe a toddler?
How do you clean brass?
What causes a yeast infection
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Elmaraara?
Are candles or air fresheners better to keep your home smelling good?
What is a PMR doctor
What does waxing your car do to protect the paint job?
how do i learn to dance to hip hop?
I would like to know a bit of history regarding WW2 for a blog I am writing. Can you help?
How can I get started with Falconry?
What is a spiritual channeler? Who are the talking for?
I want to be supportive of my friends dream but I know it's a bad idea. Should I still support them?
I need help on how to plan for a road trip
I'm trying to find a crockpot
When was the first gun invented?
How should I prepare my succulents for the winter in Canada?
Are there any good tourist attractions in Boston, MA.?
What is the best rock and roll band ever?
I am planning on travelling in the New Year, and would like some recommendations on places to visit and things to do.
How do I restart my Xfinity cable box?
Is Australia a nice place to take a vacation?
What are the ways in which I can research the history of my home?
What are some fun things to collect in the forest?
I'm a 81 year old and it looks like I might have to start buying adult diapers. Do you have any recommendations on what I should be looking for?
Can you teach me to cook lobster tails like the way high end restaurants cook them?
How do I make a fruit tart?
Find a recipe for peanut butter bars
How can I make a mug cake?
What are some good tools to take with your when going camping?
Can you tell me the difference between a 4g network and a 5g network?
What are some pros and cons of cellphone usage?
What are some artists I might enjoy if I like Billy Eilish?
Can you tell me about the inside of the White House, such as the executive residence and the wings and the grounds?
What are some toys I can get for a kid who loves Blues Clues?
How do I become a female boss?
I want to hang up Christmas Lights outside this year, but don't know how to get started. What do I need to know?
Hello, I am trying to imagine what the future will look like in 100 years. What do you think transport will look like?
Is it illegal to BitTorrent content in the United States? Why or not why?
what are some good rappers from the 90s?
Pulp Fiction is a great movie, although it has problems too. I'd love to discuss how it was formed, and directed.
Is it ok to buy a boy a play kitchen?
My leg is swollen. What could be wrong?
What is the weather going to be like for the next week?
What is the time difference between New York and Salt Lake City?
How do I put dental wax on braces?
Where was Bruce Willis born?
Are there hummingbirds in Europe?
Would love to discuss a few top songs from the artist Pharrell. Any tunes you know?
Is a cat a good pet for a companion?
Why are some people allergic to peanuts?
What herbal supplements have been shown to calm anxiety, or cause a sense of soothing?
How can I dry clothes faster without a dryer?
Hi, I'm looking for exercises to develop my lateral deltoid muscles. Can you suggest some, and tell me how they're performed?
I have to study for an exam but I keep getting distracted. How can I focus on studying without being distracted?
Is information technology a good career?
How can I lower my cholesterol levels?
Why are children fearless?
Who built the Notre Dame Cathedral?
How do I make clam chowder?
I got my very first puppy and I want to train her, do you know how and where do I start?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bircher Muesli?
What are places I can visit in Canada?
I just finished playing God of War and am looking for a video game with similar mechanics. Any recommendations?
Why did the band Black Sabbath end up firing Ozzy Osbourne?
How many Indigeonous tribes are federally recognized in the USA?
How do I become a more positive person?
Hello, I am trying to figure out what Mozart's famous opera was. Can you help?
My house is feeling stuffy and kind of stinky. What are some ways to freshen the air in my home?
How can I bowl a strike in bowling?
I'm going to Portugal and need to learn some of the language.
I really like listening to podcasts and was hoping you could give some suggestions of new podcasts to listen to
What is a good bird for a pet for a child?
I've been having trouble sleeping lately. What should I do?
What are some animals that make fun noises, for toddlers?
What is a guide for using Tinder successfully, for dating as a male?
Who did Justin Bieber marry?
What should I do with my old smartphone?
I would like to learn more about Richard Nixon.
I heard the state of Utah is in a drought. Can you help explain to me some of the reasons why that is?
What is a job fair?
How can I win a chili cookoff?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Georgian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Adjaruli Khachapuri?
I want to make a loaf of bread using a breadmaker since it is less messy. What do you think?
When is the Chinese New Year celebrated?
What year was the movie "Paper Moon" released?
WHat can I do about the stray cat in my yard
What are situations I should have an emergency fund for?
Can you tell me the history of Aboriginal Australians?
Did the USA sign a treaty to guarantee the independent sovereign rights of Ukraine in exchange for their nuclear stockpile?
Can you tell me about the United States history?
How can I prevent nearsightedness?
What is a tart?
What year did chewing gum get popular?
Find Dwayne Johnson movies
Please list out the names of some common online scams.
How do you keep soda from losing its bubbles?
What's an effective way to clean algae off vinyl sidings?
What are the different types of Mexican salsa?
What equipment will I need for skydiving?
Can you list the benefits of showering in super cold water?
what are some games my kids can play with a bouncy ball?
Can you tell me how to rent a car in a foreign country?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
Have we discovered any kind of life on another planet yet?
What are some exercise programs that involve music?
I just saw Australian rules football on TV. Can you explain the rules of the game to me?
What should I do when escaping a fire in a house?
Should you sleep with your makeup on?
Can you help me learn more about the founding father Alexander Hamilton?
Who was Gianni Versace?
How do I care for newborn puppies?
What is better, round toilets or elongated toilets?
Assistant, I'm feeling pretty down today.
I need to find a well written article about growing carrots
What can I do to improve my credit score?
I'm going to meet my husband's family for the first time this weekend and I'm nervous about it. How can I feel more confident?
How do you clean your air conditioner?
What are some good science fiction movies?
Hi, I want to work on my quadriceps. Can you suggest some exercises that are good for that, and tell me how to do them?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tagine?
What is horchata?
How do I start a garden in my backyard?
What are some funny movies about the paranormal?
How can I steadily apply a pencil eyeliner?
Is it ok to buy a boy a play kitchen?
What is so special about super conducters?
Find songs by Shakira
How much caffeine is safe to drink in one day?
How do I be less of a wallflower at parties?
Hello. I was thinking about improving the performance of my computer at home, but I am not very tech savvy. What are some easy ways to make my PC run better?
What does a landscaper do?
Hi, the people at the bar I go to like to play darts, and I want to join in. Can you explain how the game is played?
How should I introduce my dog to new pets?
What weapons did the romans use
I need to change the straps on my Fitbit watch. How do I do that?
Can you tell me what squatters rights means?
Hi, I want to attend a protest that will be coming up in a few days. What should I expect to find there, what should I do to prepare, and how should I behave?
What was world war 1 like
What should you eat after wisdom tooth surgery?
Do you need a special license to drive a motorcycle?
What animals hunt snakes in the wild?
I am writing about what are the causes of the most fatalities in the USA. Can you tell me what the leading cause of death is in the USA?
Is there much of a difference between an electric oven and a gas one?
What are some good ideas for things to have at a child's birthday party?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn a few words. Can you help?
How do you show humility?
How can I get my baby to not squirm in his high chair?
What is a good place to find movie reviews?
find a good place to learn computer repair
I tend to sweat more than the average person when I exert myself, how do I keep my body dry?
How do I learn to sweep?
what are chickpeas?
What are good smoking cessation ideas?
What do I feed my iguana?
I am doing a paper on Ernest Hemingway. What are some important facts I should include in my paper?
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
How do I pick out my signature perfume scent?
Can you cook eggs in a microwave?
What are the best websites to find job listings?
there seems to be a huge decline in pubs in England. why is that?
Should I still use the handheld led machine
Have they rebuilt the twin towers?
How do I carve a turkey?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cachupa?
How do I become a better boxer?
I am doing some research and I'd like to know who the original inhabitants of North America were. Do you know?
How do I train for American Ninja Warrior?
Do you have any advice for someone who is changing career?
How do you learn Spanish?
Could you help me learn more about the Korean War?
how do i make nail polish last longer?
How does a person build their social media skills?
I would like some information on the 40th president of the united states of america.
Do you possess recipes for cocktail drinks?
I'd like to help a friend who's moving soon. Do you have any thoughtful pointers on how to help?
How do you become a makeup artist?
Is a Peloton bike worth the money?
Should you hire movers?
Are beeswax wraps a decent alternative to plastic wrap?
Are there any there any major shortages expected over the next few months?
Can you help me determine if I have any poisonous spiders in my area?
I'm trying to find the safest neighborhood to buy a house in, in Richmond, Virginia.
I'm trying to give up soda. What are some flavorful but healthier drinks?
How can I repurpose a girl's doll house for a boy?
Can you tell me how frequent flyer miles work?
How long do you think it will be until most fast food jobs are automated? I know its been speeding up recently.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Shakshuka?
What are the best Metallica songs?
Thor is a popular myth. I've been enjoying a recent European series, Ragnarok. Do you know much about the myth of Thor?
My aunt used to make a Christmas cookie that was round and had powdered sugar on the top. Do you know what it might be? I'm having trouble remembering.
How can I make a living as a musician?
Is coffee hard to grow?
Reducing mental illness discrimination
I want to learn more about the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
What's a good introduction to learning how to sew something?
Why does Pinocchio's nose grow
I'm taking a trip to Miami. What attractions or landmarks are popular to visit there?
What kind of breakfast should I eat before a five mile hike?
How do you use Teflon tape to stop pipe joints from leaking?
What tool is suitable for scrapping off burned on food on stove top?
Can you give me some gift ideas for an elderly woman?
What scents do you recommend for aromatherapy?
Do you think using Social Media is a good idea?
Who were Bonnie & Clyde?
How can I reduce the risk of a stroke?
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
Hi, I'm interested in learning to play poker. Can you explain the game to me?
How do I get better at word searches?
how can i keep my house warm in the winter?
there seems to be a huge decline in pubs in England. why is that?
I'd like to know what are materials that are recycable
What are some dessert items I might encounter in Portugal?
Hi! I'm trying to celebrate my dog's fourteenth birthday and need some party planning help.
What are some raviolis I can make?
I'm travelling to Hungary and would like to learn some common terms in the language.
What kind of tape do boxers use to wrap their hands before they put on the gloves?
Why does it feel weird to reconnect with someone you haven't seen in awhile?
Hi, I have some black powder, and fuses, and I'd like to try to make my own fireworks. Can you give me some suggestions for safely doing that?
I'd like to comfort a friend who recently stubbed their big toe. Any suggestions?
I'm trying to cook healthy meals. Do you have any in mind?
How does CGI work?
Which is better: chicken or beef?
I'd like to listen to new music. What are some of Toni Braxton's big hits?
What are some easy to eat breakfasts for kids?
I am curious if you can help me understand the difference between scotch and whiskey.
How do you stop spam phone calls?
I have a pimple on my nose. I have an important event tonight and it is glaringly obvious. What can I do?
What are some fun activities for kids to do in the snow?
How do you adjust the seat height of a bicycle?
I overheard the term "Schrodinger's cat" being used and I'm not sure I know what it is. Can you explain it to me?
Any advice on how to stay calm after being insulted?
how much money should i save up for my daughter's wedding?
Is it bad for you to smoke cigarettes?
I
What is the difference between a Lager and an Ale beer?
How do people get their news these days?
Can you give me a recipe for sponge cake?
Why does it seem as though each new processor generation is not much more powerful than the previous processor generation?
What is beef jerky?
I know it's tax season but I'm not sure when I have to submit my tax return by. What is the due date?
What are some good jeans brands?
Hi, I'm interested in doing reverse bicep curls to target my forearms. Can you describe how to perform this exercise using a barbell?
what are some good day trips from san francisco?
I hear that people are saying their are shortages of food and supplies at their local stores. Why would this be happening?
Why do we have 12 months in a year?
How can I start to get over a bad break up?
What can you tell me about the Life of Jesus Christ
How do I restart my Xfinity cable box?
Is the LA Times a left leaning or right leaning news source?
How can I make vegan friendly bread?
How can I explain how to remember facts for a test to my 10 year old?
what kind of snacks can i give my horse?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tinolang Manok?
I saw beautiful flowers when I visited Texas. They are called Bluebonnet, Who gave the flowers that name?
Are there good ways to make my teeth whiter, besides going to a dentist to get a whitening?
How do I make the bed?
I have two citrus trees. One is lemon and the other is lime. Will they change each others taste if they are planted too close?
What are the health benefits to cold weather?
Can you tell me an general guide for writing a legal will?
With the holidays coming up, I'd like to make some homemade Christmas gifts. Do you have any ideas?
Who were the Vikings?
What does probate mean?
How do I learn to wrap presents neatly?
How do you report identity theft?
How do I use an encyclopedia?
Can you tell me how much the price of oil has changed over the last 30 years?
The faucet in my bathroom is dripping, can you help me fix it?
Should I use a loofah?
Are no show or ankle socks better?
What does it mean when they say lien?
I'm trying to find out who invented Toaster Strudel. Can you help?
If you are doing CPR how many compression would be done per minute?
What are the benefits of stretching?
What is the most popular song ever written?
How can I make my own wine?
What are some of the funniest movies of all time?
What can I do to reduce my risk of getting pneumonia
Can I keep a pig as an indoor pet?
I need to hire a lawyer to sue someone for copyright infringement, but I've never dealt with layers before and don't know who to reach out to first. Can you offer me any recommendations? I'm in Las Vegas, Nevada.
What are some games I might like if I like Super Mario?
When your throat is scratchy, what's the best cure herbally?
How long do horses live for?
How do I make my house have a minimalistic look?
What are some other artists I might like if I like Taylor Swift?
How can I breathe through my nose more
What does affidavit mean?
Can you recommend some artists that are similar to Siouxsie and the Banshees?
When will 3g stop working?
how do i get certified to drive heavy machinery?
Search for Martin sheen movies
What is a way to sincerely apologize?
what are some good novels for a 9 year old?
I just bought a puppy but I already have an older cat at home. What is the best way to introduce the puppy to my cat?
Hi, I'm in the mood for scones, Can you give me a recipe for making them?
I am having second thoughts about my career but I feel like it's too late to switch now. How do I start over and find a new career?
How should I drive a car in foggy conditions?
What is google docs?
Is there anything a man can do to get his hair back if he is going bald?
Do you have any tips for how I can get good photographs of the moon?
Bugs are damaging my vegetable garden, can you give me some advice on how to remove them?
Search for James Franco's best movies.
What are the two legislative bodies?
Do you think you can help me learn what a person should do immediately after a car crash?
I'm trying to make a loaf of bread manually. Can you help me?
How do you sing karaoke?
What are the best ways to make a good cup of coffee at home?
How much gas does a 747 jet airliner use to take off?
Can you tell me what the children's book Corduroy is about?
I need some advice and tips for buying a house
How do I make a gingerbread house for Christmas?
What benefits does banana provide for my health?
how do i get my kids to save up some of their money instead of using it all
What is a hangover?
How do I measure belly fat?
Can you find out if the new PlayStation is fully backwards compatible?
Do you have any knowledge on how to melt butter quickly?
Can you explain some of the symptoms and causes of Alzheimer's disease?
What is a POS system?
What are the best calorie burning exercises?
In which country Adolph Hitler was born?
I want to do more cardio but I don't like running. What do you suggest?
How can I calm anxiety through breathing?
Would you be able to explain the difference between comparative and superlative?
What country has the tallest people?
How many monitors can I have at one time connected to my computer
I am a 60-year old female. What types of exercises would you suggest?
Why do people in the US only use cows milk instead of animals that have milk?
Is fake mulch made from rubber or natural mulch made from compost and manure better at deterring weed growth.
What are some of the best Christmas songs?
My car is falling apart and I need to buy a new one. I have five kids and a very messy wife. I need to look professional for my job though. What type of car would be best for this?
How do you remove sweat stains from white clothes?
what are places to go in phuket?
Search for a chicken nacho recipe
Can you tell me all of the requirements to enroll in the US Marines?
What year did Strawberry Shortcake dolls come out?
I've never made mashed potatoes. Can you tell me how?
What is a beginner Yoga pose?
Can you tell me the history of Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris?
Hi, I've noticed I become very itchy over the winter months. What can I do to reduce that?
How far away can the best binoculars see away from?
How do you delete a Facebook account?
Hi, I'm in the mood for cheesecake. Can you give me a good recipe for baking it?
Please write my friend a birthday poem
Can you suggest ways to keep my mind sharp as I get older?
what are some good korean SUVs?
I'm trying to find a work from home chat job.
Does England have a history of slavery in their country?
My son has been really sad lately because his pet goldfish died. He is too young to fully understand the concept of death. How do I explain the death of my 7-year-old's goldfish to him?
Is sugar really that bad for you?
Can you help me find some of histories most influential people so that I can research them more?
I want to know the history of Broadway theatre. Can you help me?
What is Bollywood?
How do I transition from a sippy cup to a straw cup?
What can I put on a crumpet?
Did the USA sign a treaty to guarantee the independent sovereign rights of Ukraine in exchange for their nuclear stockpile?
Find Stephen King's most popular books
Could you provide me some information on President Obama?
How do I plait a horse's tail?
Can people be corrected or improved, after they get out of prison?
Are zebras just funny looking horses?
What are the differences between jelly and jam?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pelēkie zirņi ar speķi?
What is a weeping willow?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Maamoul?
Do you have suggestions of movies for a James Bond fan?
Can you help me write a haiku poem about my cat?
Do you know any good hair masks?
How do I transport fish when moving?
How do I stop my dog from barking all the time?
What should I include in a thank you note?
Find a pork and beans recipe
What is a just because note I can write my husband?
Every now and then I hear about the 'Iran Contra' thing but I don't really know what it is. Can you summarize?
Can you tell me popular theaters to visit in Paris?
I need help teaching simple addition to a 5 year old. Any helpful hints?
What are some superheroes who transform?
The Hobbit had such a following. and the movies, all of it. What is the origin of the book?
How are LEDs made?
I'm thinking about showing my nephew the movie Deadpool because I heard it was a funny superhero movie. What sort of adult content does the movie have that might be inappropriate for a 10 year old?
Does a horse require a lot of money?
I want to draw an illustration based on hockey. What themes should I include as part of the hockey illustration?
What interstates will I be taking in the USA if I'm driving cross country?
Can you tell me how AI works to recognizes objects in images?
Hi, I recently purchased a Ruger SP101 revolver, .357 magnum, and I'm ashamed to admit I don't know how to open the mechanism and load it. Can you explain how to do that?
Man. Why does it take so long to see the doctor, even when you have an appointment?
This holiday season I really want to do my part to help those in need. Can you suggest some things I might be able to do?
How do I sell my condo?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Borscht?
How can I set up a romantic dinner at home? \
What do I do if my child kicks off his blanket at night?
I would like to learn how to make a coffee cake from scratch.
What was the first accurate way to tell time?
What do they do with the old CRT monitors at the dump?
Can you help me in identifying the best music streaming service?
Hi, I just purchased a Colt Anaconda, .44 magnum caliber. I'm not familiar with the gun, can you explain how to load and operate it?
What can I do about a diaper rash?
I keep biting the inside of my cheek when I'm sleeping. What can I do to prevent this in the future?
Could you provide a recipe for a Thanksgiving dinner?
what are some good fall baked good i can make?
How do I play the card game Blackjack?
I use a lot of cinnamon and was wondering if it's possible to grow my own?
How do I roast a ham in the oven?
How can I tell if a diamond is real?
What is a nice christmas bonus for a part time babysitter?
How often should I get a check up at my gynecologist?
Can you recommend some ways that I can connect with my local community?
How can I get blood out of cotton?
Is there a difference in enlisting in the Army vs. the Navy?
Why can't humans build a space station on the moon?
How do you cook a green bean casserole
I'm gonna list some foods and you tell me which wines you know they can be paired with. Are you ready?
Do you have any ideas on how to propose to a girlfriend?
If you are doing CPR how many compression would be done per minute?
What are some boating safety tips that I should know?
I would like to build my own backyard shed.
I need to convert a word document to pdf format, can you help me?
I've heard that black bears are much less dangerous than brown bears. Is this true?
Is iced coffee just regular coffee with ice in it?
How do I teach someone to do long division
How do I learn to do the hula?
What are some fun activities to do with older adults?
How many amendments does the constitution have?
I have been having a difficult time falling asleep lately. Do you have any advice for me?
Where can I go whale watching?
What is the name of the majority leader of the Senate of the United States?
How can I clear my nasal passages?
what is the cheapest time of year to get airplane tickets to asia?
I would like to purchase something for home defense but I do not want it to be lethal, do you have any suggestions?
Are there any good music concerts coming up?
Can you make a living as a professional slot machine player?
What are some healthy late night snacks that I can eat?
I need to learn how to say some food items in French. Can you help me?
Hi, I'd like to familiarize myself with the band The Who, as I hear they're fundamental to an understanding of rock and roll history. Can you help me put together a playlist of their best songs and albums?
Find Sylvester Stallone movies
How can I connect more with my coworkers?
Are there any countries that don't have taxes?
What gears do you need for rock climbing?
How do I learn to play checkers?
What can you do with top soil?
I have pork belly and tomato sauce in my fridge. Can you recommend any dishes I can cook using these?
Who were the members of The Beatles?
What time of year do you plant roses?
I need to get my kid a Covid Vaccine.
I've just had back surgery and can't move vigorously. My wife and I want to get back in the saddle, if you catch my drift. What are some good, low-impact, back-safe sexual positions?
What are some fun things I can play for a very small party for a ten year old?
What can I see in Singapore?
I
I'd like to start getting into Shakespeare but I don't know where to begin. What would you recommend?
How can I stop a bad habit?
I'm looking for another TV show to watch. My favorite is Dawson's Creek. Do you have any recommendations?
What dog can I get that is accustomed to snow?
I am trying to keep my kitchen well stocked with food. What are some types of food I should always have in the house for cooking?
How do I make pretzels?
What are major religions that believed in reincarnation? I think Buddhism is one. Do you know of others?
I am going in a date tonight. who should pay the bill? what should i wear?
Which game company developed the popular computer game Diablo II?
I have two ribeyes that I want to cook on my charcoal grill. I've never used a grill before though. Can you help?
What is a good way to approach someone about money they owe you?
I've often marveled at the The Garden of Earthly Delights is Bosch. Do you know about the piece?
Can you please give me information on a good Great Dane breeder near me.
What is irritable bowel syndrome?
Is ones creativity based partially on their genetics?
I need to learn how to order from a menu in Portugal. Can you help me?
What does an EKG test for?
Search for a loaded cauliflower recipe.
Where can I learn how to hunt?
Can you explain how to keep score in a game of bowling?
how do i get on jeopardy?
How do I learn how to crochet?
Should you use dryer sheets in the dryer?
I'm trying to spend less money on eating out, but I miss my favorite Mexican restaurant. What are some Mexican dishes I can make at home?
I'm trying to find out how much yarn I need to make a sweater for a six year old child.
Lately I'
I have to write about a famous historical event that took place at the beginning of the Twentieth Century, can you help?
What are ways I can build my social skills?
How do you become a children’s book author?
what are some places to go in java, indonesia?
How do I clean stainless steel?
How long would it take for man to go to Mars on a rocket ship?
I'm visiting Poland soon. Can you help me learn a few common Polish phrases?
How do get a baby to stop crying?
Can you get enough electricity off of solar panels to run your whole house?
What is the best news organization for non bias news?
What are some good pastries I can eat in the morning?
My neighbors have a really bright outdoor light that shines in my window all night. It makes it hard to sleep.
Find the top work from home jobs
What is basic training?
Does the Black Lives Matter movement have chapters in every state?
I'm trying to put together trays of Christmas cookies to give as gifts. What are the most popular Christmas cookies?
I have heard of the concept of piagetian before but very briefly. What are the four stages described in Piaget approach?
What are some relaxing songs or relaxing types of music?
What are some easy tricks I can teach my dog?
How does Rakuten work?
How do you test for proper tension on a car's serpentine belt?
What are the summer solstice and winter solstice?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Polenta?
What does the Kiwanis do?
What kind of Pokemon games are there for the Gameboy Advance?
What advice do you have for going on a blind date?
How long does it take to cook a whole turkey?
I just got a new smartphone and I am having trouble getting signal in my house. Is there anything I can do to improve the ability for my phone to get signal at home?
Are plastic bags bad for the environment?
I'm trying to save money on my electric bill. Is turning things off good enough, or do I need to unplug them from the wall completely?
I have a friend getting a new puppy! Do you have any training recommendations?
I'm trying to learn Nancy Pelosi's political history.
Where was the first railroad invented?
What is the difference between hardneck and softneck garlic?
I am doing some research and was wondering who the best NHL goaltender in history was. Can you help me out?
How can I get better at bowling?
I've been taking tramadol for my back pain and I'm concerned I may be developing a habit with pain pills. How can I treat this issue?
How tall is the Washington monument?
Bugs are damaging my vegetable garden, can you give me some advice on how to remove them?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tostones?
Hi, I'm a fantasy and sci-fi nerd, and one of my nerd friends tells me that Jack Vance is one of the all time greats in both genres. I've never read his stuff - can you help me come up with a list of his most popular and important works, so that I can get a good overview of his style?
What are some good side dishes with salmon?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
Is mulch good for a garden?
Should you eat before a workout?
Can you tell me the typical schedule for Army boot camp for newly enlisted recruits?
Can you tell me how a month to month rental agreement with a landlord works?
How do you void a check?
How do I become a newscaster?
What is a birthday present I can get for a 12 year old who love scats?
How do I make a bonfire in my backyard?
How do I enroll my child in private school?
What is the best rock and roll band ever?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Quesillos?
What is the best way to learn how to surf?
How can I train myself to use my nondominant hand?
How can I get my children to be less scared of bugs?
Can you recommend a good recipe for a vegetarian curry?
What are some good Korean singers?
I heard that Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis weren't the best of friends? Any history on them?
I want to know Broadway production of West Side Story. Are you familiar with it?
I need to change the tires on my car, can you help walk me through the steps?
Do the Police Departments get to keep all the money they get from tickets?
What do you know about the universe?
How can I deal with a dog that cries and cries every time I leave him home alone?
Hi, I want to do concentration curls with dumbbells, to really isolate my biceps. Can you explain how the exercise is performed?
What currency does France use?
Do you have any tips on how to stay safe during a heatwave?
What are the main differences between capitalism and communism?
What month is the US Open played in?
How do I get better gas mileage in my car?
Should I shop on black friday?
How can I take good pictures of clouds?
How many planets are in our solar system?
I have trouble remembering things that I read. How can I improve my reading retention?
What is the national bird of the United States of America?
Can you tell me some examples of ridiculous laws in the USA? I've heard of some pretty funny ones before.
How long do you think it will be until most fast food jobs are automated? I know its been speeding up recently.
What are pros and cons of Microdermabrasion?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lefse?
How is the condiment mustard made?
I've been having auditory hallucinations where I hear things that aren't there. What might be causing this?
Why do people drink coffee?
What are the best movies directed by Sergio Leone?
Can you recommend me some trip hop? I heard a little bit of the genre and it sounded pretty cool.
What type of plywood is best for outdoor use?
the bottom of my foot is itchy. what do i do?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
I'm trying to learn more about bats, can you help me with that?
Which country had the best fighter airplanes in WW2?
Can you help me find out how expensive having children are over a lifetime?
How long does a senator serve for?
How do I start a craft business?
How do I use a fitness step tracker to monitor my daily activity?
I'd like to soothe a friend of mine, who skinned their knee. Do you have any helpful suggestions?
What does it mean when people talk about mining bitcoin?
Can you explain the difference between chemotherapy and radiation?
Why did Europeans end up colonizing most of the world? How did they end up with the upper hand?
How do you restore electrolytes after exercising and sweating a lot?
How can I become a reality tv star?
Can you tell me how people got dental work done before anesthesia was invented?
Who is the best Wonder Woman portrayer
How can I fry foods without the food sticking to the pan?
What are things I can do on vacation in italy?
What are some fun ride on toys for toddlers?
What are some dishes using blackberry?
When should I plant my grass seed?
What does MVP mean?
How do you fly a kite?
what are some cool ocean activities?
How do you take a hearing test?
I'm trying to buy flowers for my garden. What's the difference between a perennial and annual?
My dog peed on the couch and left a stain, is there an easy way to remove it?
Hi, I'd like to make some pickled cabbage. Can you give me a recipe and instructions for doing that?
I want to make chicken and vegetable fried rice. What kind of vegetables are suitable to make fried rice?
When was Burger King Established?
When was the first black Friday shopping day started?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some German dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rinderbraten?
Should kids drink soda?
Can you recommend a movie that was released this year that I can watch at the cinema?
How fast can trains go?
I am looking for a new job. Everybody is hiring and I am tired of the retail management position I have been in for the last 5 years. I want to do a professional resume from scratch. Are there any good online services out there that you know of that offer that?
How do I keep plaque off my teeth?
Search for Lil Wayne songs
Assistant, I am writing about culture and want to know what are the things that make up a culture?
Why do some trees lose their leaves in winter but other trees stay green and keep their leaves?
How do I make a mask from a paper bag?
What can I use to remove build up on shower head?
My significant other recently moved across the country for work. He won't be back for at least another year. Do you have any advice on how to have a successful long-distance relationship?
What is a good exercise app?
Can you identify the main benefits of Vitamin A for the skin on the face?
What is jet lag?
What is the second hardest material after diamond?
My friend wants me to eat a restaurant and I don't want to because of COVID
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lapskaus?
What should you say to a friend when their mom has died?
What do I do if I'm allergic to pollen?
I just received a money order as payment for something that I was selling. But I don't know what to do with one. Can you tell me out to get the cash value of a money order?
What kind of information can you give me about the Donner party?
How do you adjust the video quality on YouTube?
What is a fun card game?
Do you need a special license to drive an RV?
Hi, I'd like to start voting, now that I'm 18. How do I register?
What are some ways to treat sensitive teeth?
I'm curious, in cold weather, which fabric keeps you warmer? Wool, polyester?
Search for a butterscotch cake recipe
How do I cook mashed potatoes?
What cut of beef makes the best steak?
what are some things i can do in houston?
Please tell me more about Facebook. My friends are encouraging me to open an account.
How do you make your home safer for the elderly?
Is mulch good for a garden?
We have a dog in the family. She's a mixed breed, though appears to be dominantly a Lhasa Apso. Her fur grows super fast so we had to regularly get them trimmed. It made me think though - how do wild furry animals keep their fur from overgrowing?
Any advice on how to care for a fish?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Omek Houria?
What are some landscaping ideas for the front of my house?
What advice do you have for going on a blind date?
I'd like to start painting, but don't know where to start. Should I choose watercolour, oil, or acrylic, for example?
What do I do about a runny nose?
Looking for Bruce Willis movies
I am going on vacation soon.
Do they still make encyclopedias anymore?
Whats the best way to mop my floor
What are some good cyberpunk games for the Oculus?
How do I make a taco salad?
Ani deFranco is such a gifted singer and songwriter. What are some of her big hits?
What are the basics of tarot card reading?
What are some things I can make a fence out of?
How do you apologize over a mistake that is not your fault but you are left having to apologize?
I need a recipe for vegetable stir fry.
I'm trying to put together trays of Christmas cookies to give as gifts. What are the most popular Christmas cookies?
What are some nice light beers to try
Which superheroes are in the Avengers?
Do you know if it's legal to have a pet pig in Maryland?
What can I do to avoid my risk of wrecking while driving in the rain?
How can I organise the tasks and events in my life so I don't forget about them?
My house is feeling stuffy and kind of stinky. What are some ways to freshen the air in my home?
What are some of Tom Hank's best movies?
What are some cute cartoon dogs?
How can I make a scar heal and be less visible?
What's the best iPhone game?
I heard there may have been a rivalry between Sammy Davis Jr. and Frank Sinatra, any thoughts?
Man has been making art for a long time, do you know what the oldest record of man made art is from?
How do you get over stage fright?
What is normal cholesterol levels?
Are calico cats mean?
My mom is having a hard time since her youngest child moved out. How can I make her feel better?
I'm am trying to strip and wax a wood floor?
What is on a comprehensive STD panel?
My toilet tank won't stop running. Can you tell me how I can fix that?
Is climate change something we should be concerned about?
what ingredients are used to make tequila?
Which video game company developed the game Xcom 2?
I need to learn some basic French words. Can you help me?
How old do you have to be to join the military in the USA?
Who were the members of The Beatles?
Which foods have a long shelf life?
Do you have any suggestions for getting better at hitting home runs?
Where did Cyber Monday come from?
Who is the top country singer right now?
Hi, I'm in the mood for some spaghetti Bolognese. Can you give me a recipe for that?
Can you suggest a good set of headphones for $150?
I am a teen and I want to shave my face. How do i do it
Can you tell me about the fall of the Roman Empire?
what are some things i can make and sell with sea glass?
what can i purchase for a cupcake decorating activity for a kids' party?
I've seen a moose, in a popular sitcom. I've often wondered how big they really can get, and if they shed their horns annually?
Are you familiar with the DSM-5?
Do you know any Mexican recipes?
I've got a mole on my back and I'm wondering if it's cancerous. Is there any way for me to tell?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some of the common foods there.
I'm on the short side and I'm 20 years old. Is there any hope for me continuing to grow, or am I at my full size?
Please show me a list of planets starting from the one closest from the sun.
Do you have any advice on how to make new friends as an adult?
What are the basic steps of opening up a bookstore business?
I can't keep up with my active baby
How should I dress if I go to a Muslim country?
What should I do when Aloe Vera plants grow baby plants?
Hi, assistant
What places should I visit in New Orleans?
Give me a list of ways that friends greet each other in person.
I was thinking about being a professional musician, with an instrument. Typically, is it easier to learn the saxophone, or the trumpet?
I'm looking to apply for a job soon and it's been years since I've had to apply for a new job. I'm out of practice on building a resume. Do you have any advice?
What are the best music streaming services?
Can you provide me with ways I can help someone suffering from PTSD?
What is the most successful American actor of all time?
I am thinking of starting a business but I am unsure what to do. What 3 business ideas would you suggest? and why?
What kind of foods do they enjoy in Ireland?
Do you have any tips for beginners trying to learn how to play guitar?
How can I make cannabis edibles?
Do you know which charities are good to support in order to help the environment?
Can you run me through what "common core" math is?
I am curious if you can help me understand the difference between scotch and whiskey.
How can I raise butterflies?
What is Gas Monkey Garage?
How can I make sweet chex mix?
What are some good boy bands from the 90s?
I bumped my knee. How can I make it feel better?
Writing a story based on a horror theme but what things should I include in the story that relate to horror?
What are some things that I should do to winterize my house?
What are the names of islands in Hawaii that are often visited by tourists?
What are good weight lifting exercises to make my arms stronger?
What are some good board games for adults?
How do I buy a mansion?
Are airpods waterproof?
How should one go about telling a child that santa claus is not real?
Can you tell me the general requirements for a job as a computer programmer?
Where can I download the 7zip program?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Syrniki?
How can I play the trumpet?
what are some good thanksgiving desserts?
My ear feels really stuffed up and I'm having trouble hearing out of it. What could this be?
How do I know if my child is ready for power wheels?
I've heard that lightning strikes can be a cause of death for farmers, due to them being on flat plains during storms. What are some of the risks of being struck by lightning as a farmer?
When should I plant my grass seed?
How do you use a fire extinguisher?
Another school shooting was in the news in America. What can the country do to mitigate these tragedies in the future?
How can I soothe a crying baby?
Hi, I'd like to register to become an organ donor. How do I do that?
Guide me on how to dice an avocado please
Who was the best basketball player?
Search for a turkey salad recipe
I'm visiting France and need to learn some of the language.
Which foods are high in B Vitamins?
Tell me about the Mongolian empire.
What are heirloom seeds?
What are the main components of a desktop computer?
Can you tell me how to find my local surfing conditions today?
How can I get AHK to do my tasks for me?
What card games can suggest playing with my kids? They are 8 and 10.
What country has the tallest people?
What do I do if a baby falls off the bed?
Can you give me some tips on stopping ants from invading my home?
What's the best way to choose gifts?
Are cucumbers a vegetable or a fruit
What's the easiest way to keep a shopping list?
How do you get a student loan?
Can you give me a cell phone recommendation that has a good camera for under $500?
What year did the first Doom game release?
How can one deal with passive aggressive people?
Why are some motorcycles so loud?
Why do birds suddenly appear
How can I do a backwards somersault?
Can you help me say "Where is the park" in different languages?
Is a diesel engine or gas engine better for a truck?
What are ways that I can practice being open minded?
How do I stay motivated to study?
Can you help me figure out how to transfer files from one phone to another?
How long does it take to fly from New York City to Detroit?
Why do people gets shots of vitamin D?
When should I mail a Christmas card to make sure it gets there before Christmas?
Hi, my favorite pair of socks got hole in them. Can you teach me how to darn socks, so I can repair it?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
Should I remove a gecko from my house?
Whats the major reason why most couples get divorced?
Is there a fee to send money with Zelle?
The Lord Of the Rings is such a prolific book. I wonder how long it took to write. It's massive!
I need to be aware of survival tips when lost in the forest. Do you know of any survival tips for this particular situation?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Macheteadas?
What can I do if my neighbors are having a loud party?
How do you make sugar frosting?
Find a recipe for dirt cake
What are 22 rifles mainly used for?
Can you tell me information about what the Trump administration achieved in terms of environmental policy goals?
Can eating too much fish be bad for you?
Can you help me choose a new paint color for my living room?
How do i know if I have add?
How do I squeeze blackheads out of my pores?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Irish Soda Bread?
What are ways to extend the shelf life of vermouth?
I want to know about Delaware, a US state. Is it a big state?
How do I reconfigure a PC video game to work with the lower graphic capability of my PC?
I'm not sure why but lately I seem to have lost interest in, well, everything. I work, I come home, I sleep, I work again, etc. My former hobbies just seem kind of blah to me now and I don't have anything new that's piquing my interest. This is a new experience for me and I'm worried. What is happening to me?
What are good places to visit in Atlanta, GA?
How can I organize all my clothes?
What can you tell me about bobcats?
How can I stay awake late at night?
What are the names of islands in Hawaii that are often visited by tourists?
What do they make you do on a driver's test?
What is applepay?
What are some fun activities for a child who has never been to see snow?
How do I give a good back massage?
What is an easy casserole recipe that I can make for dinner?
How do I get my son to break up with his toxic girlfriend?
Can you describe to me some general historic information about Mesopotamia?
I'm going to Portugal and need to learn some common food terms. Can you help?
Can you help find a list of things needed to set up a reptile tank?
I need help choosing a home theater system
I want to make flour tortilla. Can you help me?
How do I get dried paint off of clothes?
What do you think makes a good husband?
What is a weeping willow?
Where do they get peppercorns from? Is it a tree?
Can you help me find a recipe for stuffed peppers?
Which TV shows are similar to Sons of Anarchy?
Hi, I'd like to learn to bake sourdough bread. Can you give me a recipe for that?
How long was World War One?
Do you cook chicken on the grill the same way as in the oven?
I've heard that smoking cannabis, offers a different effect, than eating cannabis. Do you know much about that?
How long did the Spanish flu pandemic last?
What happened to Octomom?
Who was John the Baptist?
I need to convert a word document to pdf format, can you help me?
What are some movies that are similar to Alien?
Should you feed the ducks in the park?
What are some things we can do with rocks on the beach?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
I'm trying to find out what the weather will be like this weekend
What are some good stores to shop at if I like JC Penney?
My mom was really attached to her pet dog. Had it for 19 years and it died this week. Problem is she has early onset dementia and that combo is bad to deal with. How do I console her dealing with both?
I want to become more self aware. Do you know what strategies exist that can aid in becoming self aware?
What are some fun musical instruments for toddlers?
I was staring at my cat and wondering, where does the myth of cats having 9 lives come from?
Who is Taylor Lautner?
I make a comfortable living and don't really have money troubles, but I still would like to have better control of my finances. I seem to go through money pretty quickly and despite wanting to, I can't get into the habit of regularly putting money away for a rainy day. I am terrible at saving, but great at spending!
What can you tell me about Michael Jackson?
is spanking acceptable?
i want to know how pearls are formed. Can you help me?
My friends never seem to want to talk or hang out with me. Why do you think this is?
What is the oldest tree in the USA?
How do I make a frappe?
I want to install a media player in my windows 10 computer. Which one is the best?
Why is my dog barking more at night?
Can you tell me the basics of cooking a turkey?
Which foods should I have for a Super Bowl party?
How do I clean faux suede?
what birthday present can I get for a girl who loves faries?
I wanna figure out if I should own a front load washer or a top load washer. Can you describe the similarities and differences of them?
How do you take a good photograph?
I want to make cranberry sauce for Thanksgiving. Can you help me find a good recipe?
How do I make papusas?
I am thinking about going back to school to get my law degree, what should I be thinking about.
Is the big crunch theory still well accepted within the scientific community?
What are some natural fertilizers i can make?
What are some nice milk chocolate with caramel?
Is the US's education better than Sweden's educational system?
What can I add to ramen?
Native American, or Indigenous tradition in the United States, sometimes focuses on the Buffalo as a sacred animal. I'm curious as to why, some themes about that?
What effect does sugar have on the human body?
how can i make a makeshift basketball hoop for my room?
What should I take if I have a hangover?
What was George Harrison's first album?
I am writing a story and would like some help. is that ok?
I'd like to learn some weather terms in a new language. Can you help?
How much caffeine is safe to drink in one day?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Swiss dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cheese Fondue?
Can you help me lose weight? I'm starting to feel bloated.
What is gmail?
What is dehydration?
Which programming language should I learn for game development?
I heard a few things about the Tulsa race massacre the other day and it sounded kind of wild. Can you summarize what happened during those events?
How are golf balls made?
How can I train my cat to use a pet door?
I've read that Christmas is actually borrowed from a Pagan religion or something. Is this true?
Can you help my dad find low sugar foods?
What are some vegan meat replacements?
What is a weighted blanket?
Which desert is the largest on earth?
Can you tell me how to evaluate rare coins?
How can I steal an Identity?
How can I get rid of fleas in the house. They are driving me crazy! They are biting me all the time.
What time of the year is it best to plant eggplants in my Maryland garden?
What can I use to clean a plastic tub?
I'm looking for good companies to do online gig work. Any thoughts on this?
Are there really UFO's flying around?
I'd like to learn some basic words in Spanish. Can you help?
How do you switch to a different user account in Win 10?
What are some popular French desserts?
How can I help my dog with diabetes?
How do I train for a marathon?
Do people who deliver pizza actually enjoy their jobs?
Can you help me learn how to calculate my BMI?
I am going to replace the bathroom sink faucet in my house, but I have never done a faucet replacement before. What do I need to know to get this project done right?
Please tell me what ARPANET stands for?
How do I blow up balloons using helium?
Can you tell me how to find out if a real estate property is in a designated flood plain?
Can you change the oil in the car yourself?
How hot is the center of a volcano?
How can I organize my clothes in my drawer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Boulets Liegeois?
How do I cut a baby's toenails?
do you believe in the illuminati?
What is liver cancer?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dan Bing?
What do I do about an oily face?
What color grapes is wine made from?
What was Albert Einstein's most prolific work?
Who is the girl that played on MASH?
Are there any vegetables that I can plant in the fall?
Can you tell me if Starlings are native to North America?
Where are Red Pandas from?
Do you have any tips for how I can get rid of a cold quicker?
I'm going on vacation to a ski resort. What should I expect?
Are there herbal supplements that are useful as combusted smoke, or vape?
How do you use the self-clean feature on an oven?
I just put my cat down and was wondering how to deal with the giref.
How do you get an estimate for work needed on your car?
What are some boating safety tips that I should know?
Who invented tea and where was it invented?
What does a landscaper do?
How do I set a monthly budget?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a gimlet. Can you give me a recipe for making one?
I have had a chronic cough for a month now. Should I be concerned?
How can I organize my record collection?
Find Stephen King's most popular books
What does the number "0451" mean in gaming?
How do you clean the dust from tight and hard to reach places inside a desktop computer?
Why do some people live in the past
What are places I can visit in Topeka, KS?
How many years from now is the universe expected to contract?
What are some good meats I can serve for Christmas?
Could you help teach me how to make peanut butter cookies?
I want to get more into gardening, what advice do you have for me?
build a safe outside play area for a three year old and a five year old
I was curious about watching a new movie. Maybe an historical one, perhaps a romance. Any suggestions?
Do you know of any good TV shows?
Where can I take a painting class?
I have a blind date at a coffee shop and I'm very nervous.
What is the most celebrated holiday in the United States
Looking for Bruce Willis movies
What is there to do at Lake Tahoe-Nevada State Park?
I want to know the history of bagels and how they came to the United States.
How do I become less intoxicated while drinking?
Who created Snoopy from the cartoon Peanuts ?
Is a turtle a good pet for kids?
What are some interesting flavorings i can mix with my beef patties?
What does grief feel like?
What is a good Christmas movie to watch every year?
Do you know if it's possible to install windows on a macbook?
I get really bad menstrual cramps. What are some ways to relieve the pain and discomfort?
What are some of the best grindhouse films?
How many types of mango are there in the world?
Please tell me about the Avengers.
Can you tell me instructions for playing the board game monopoly?
How do I paint glass jars?
My roommate has a rabbit and it smells up the apartment sometimes
Why is diet coke bad for you?
How do you make macarons?
How do I cook a rare steak?
The mousepad on my macbook is making louder clicking noises than normal. How might I troubleshoot this?
What is a good seasoning for a whole turkey?
What are some good modern opera singers?
If I visit Area 51 what can I see?
What are some good classic Disney movies?
How do I send an encrypted email?
I want to learn about the Bill of Rights. Can you tell me about it?
How do I learn to spelunk?
Can you tell me the steps in getting a residential building permit?
What's the best place in Philadelphia to get a cheesesteak?
What are some fun activities to do for free?
When is the best time to get married?
In what year was Broadway founded?
I'm travelling overseas and need to learn a few words in German.
Can you walk me through how to cook oatmeal? I need to know what ingredients to get and then how to cook them.
I planted some bamboo in the garden and its getting out of control and spreading to my neighbors yard. How do you kill bamboo?
What time of the year is it best to hunt Deer in the state of Maryland?
How can I comfort my wife during the holidays when she gets down?
Which foods should I have for a Christmas dinner?
I have to study for an English Literature exam, can you help me prepare?
How come Puerto Rico isn't a state?
What are ways one can protect themselves from identity theft?
What are some of the healthiest fish to eat?
I'm trying to learn more about the different yoga forms, can you help me learn about Iyengar yoga?
How do I keep from crying at sappy movies?
What are the main biological differences between men and women?
What are tortillas made from?
Were pigeons important at all historically?
How do you study for the SAT test?
What is Elf on the Shelf?
How do I get rid of menstrual cramps?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fattah?
How do you setup an individual camping tent?
looking to clean my dirty bathtub
When was Folgers coffee established?
How will Sky Link work?
Hello, I am trying to figure out where the closest library is in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn NYC.
How do you upload files to cloud storage?
How can I make edible water bubbles
How do you clean the inside of an oven?
How do I find a side income?
What is the difference between a CV and a resume?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cha Siu Bao?
How does someone become a private investigator?
The following sentence is true. The previous sentence is false. Which of those two sentences is true?
Do they still build airplanes out of wood?
can you explain the rock cycle
How do you manage bookmarks in Google Chrome?
My mother in law loves to cook. What are some good gift ideas for her?
Can you describe a raw food diet?
I'm having a tooth pulled so I won't be able to eat solid food for a few days. What are some soft foods I can eat instead?
What precautions should I take if I have to go outside during Covid?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Mauritian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sept Cari?
My ear has been ringing for as long as I can remember. Why is this?
I am looking for a recipe for scalloped potatoes
Could you give me some tips on training my dog how to use the bathroom on indoor pet pads?
What are the requirements to become a lifeguard?
I'm having trouble getting my C+ compiler to run properly what could be wrong?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Bolivian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chanfaina?
Is climate change something we should be concerned about?
How do you keep a good credit score?
was johnny cash wife black
How do I paint my face like a clown?
I'm interested in losing weight. What should I do?
What is a wok?
What's a recipe for yellow cake?
What does FDIC stand for?
Does slavery still exist in the modern world anywhere?
What does escrow mean?
Get a corn pudding recipe
Can you help me learn more about the Gulf War?
Is cooking a meal a good first date?
What year was Cooler Master Technology founded?
I would like to know more about NASA. Can you help me?
What is a good solution when your dog gets too old for going on walks but still wants to go?
Can you suggest some new music for me to listen to?
what are some ideas for a halloween party?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pecora in cappotto?
Do you have any tips for living with someone that has parkinsons.
Who was the unibomber?
When I make food for baby does it have to be with his formula or can I use regular milk?
Why does my voice always hurt when singing?
Do you have any helpful tips to make a steak super tasty?
Is mouth wash necessary if I brush and floss?
What are some good gift ideas for people that like to read?
I need to learn some words in French. Can you help?
How can I grow my hair faster?
I'm trying to make a better first impression when I meet people in a professional context. Can you provide tips?
What are group of Ravens called?
What are some comfortable pants styles for boys?
Find Shakira songs
Should I wear a mask inside even if I am vaccinated?
Hi! I'm trying to get a nighttime routine going for my 1 year old. Do you have any advice for me?
The painting of The Son of Man by Rene Magritte, is odd. Do you know it?
Pulitzer prize winning writers, inspire me. What's the best way to get that award?
Can you help my dad find low sugar foods?
How do you complete a sudoku puzzle?
how do i make a fruit parfait?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Basbousa?
How should I clean my laptop screen?
My eyeglass frames broke the other day. Iv'e had them for about four years. Can I just get a new replacement frame and lenses, or do I need a new eye checkup exam first?
What is the best app for listening to music?
My mom just got a new dog. I want to get some toys for it. What do you recommend?
I'm trying to locate some contact information for someone
I am in the mood for coffee tonight! Would you be able to provide me with a recipe for Irish coffee?
How do I make bacon crispy?
I'm trying to learn how to play chess better. Can you provide me with some strategy books on the game?
I'm trying to know how to tell if my dog gets cold in the winter
How come people say not to put hot food in the fridge?
Hi! I'm looking for some advice on how to stay more hydrated throughout the day
How can I make spring roll wrappers?
What are some of the best thriller movies of all time?
What are some real cheap ways to feed 2 people for a week?
How does the average consumer use telemedicine in their healthcare?
Should I visit Legoland?
Is there any evidence cell phones can cause brain tumors, infertility or any other problems with their various signals?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Honduran dishes. Can you give me a recipe for pupusa?
Is it true galaxies are more or less flat?
I'm looking for some new reading material, and I'd like to know about some of the works of Toni Morrison?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Oyster Omelet?
Please list out some steps that I would need to take in order to become a real estate agent.
How do you clear clogged toilet without a plunger?
Should I get a cockatiel or a parrot?
I am very good friends with a couple that I have known for a long time. I would say I'm equally friendly with the husband and the wife. However the husband recently confided in me that he is having an affair and he swore me to secrecy. I feel terrible for his wife because she is a good friend but he is also. It's a mess.
what are some appetizers I can put bacon in?
How do I freeze bananas?
Best way to organize a clothes closet
how do i properly vacuum a carpet?
Was Christianity based off of any religions that existed prior to it?
How does a company get added to the Nasdaq?
Can you tell me about the life of Joan of Arc
How do I fold a flag appropriately?
How long does it take for bees to make their hive?
Can you tell me how a microwave works
How do I do elf on the shelf?
Is setting the table a good chore for children?
How can you help someone that has ADD, what are some general tips?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
What are some good boy bands from the 90s?
I'm trying to make an apple pie. Can you help me?
how do i get a baby to laugh for the first time?
What is a social media manager?
Clams were on sale at the store, so I bought bag. But I don't know how to make them!
At what temperature does it usually start to snow outside?
Should you adopt a dog from a shelter?
how do i keep coyotes away from my chicken?
Why do businesses in my area get cheaper electricity rates than residential customers?
Who is Charles Babbage?
Why do some people want to use the wrong bathroom?
How do I sell a house for the cheapest cost for me
How do I apply for a K1 visa?
I want to hang up Christmas Lights outside this year, but don't know how to get started. What do I need to know?
is it safe to use a phone while it's on the charger?
How do I get a child to keep their sunglasses on?
What are games I can play that are like Sudoku? I love Sudoku!
I have to study for history class. Could you help me give an overview of the French Revolution?
How do I make fried Mexican sushi?
What happened to the Mars bar candy? All I see are Snickers now!
Was Christmas a different holiday at one time?
Who is Patti Smith?
What are some Christmas movies my family and I can watch?
Could you help me learn about the Intervention of Haiti in 1994?
Hi, I need to find the area of an icosagon for my math class. Can you help with that?
Is it possible to distill my own whiskey at home?
What are some toys I can get for a kid who loves Blues Clues?
I want to send a holiday newsletter out to friends and family to give them an update on our lives.
How do I do a devotional for my family?
Who is Taylor Lautner?
I'd like to visit Lapland one winter, and wondered what the best way to travel would be from the UK?
How can I take up golf?
Hi, I'd like to make chicken parmesan. Can you give me a recipe for this?
How many people are on an NFL team?
Can you give me some examples of breakfast cereals?
How can I train myself to use my nondominant hand?
What does the Muslim faith believe in?
Are Americans allowed to travel to Cuba?
I would like to learn more about boxing. Who are some of the best boxers from the 1970s?
Do we really need to do daylight savings time anymore? Some states don't have it, like Arizona.
I would like to become an Mturk worker. Please tell me where to apply.
christmas is coming up and i need to buy my mum something as a present. She likes clothes, furniture, and cooking. What should I buy her?
Hi, I'd like to get a Pell grant. How do I do that?
Today is November 9th, 2021. I want to know when is the next bank holiday in the United States.
What is the most famous museum in the world?
Are there any big advantages to homeschooling my kids? What are the test scores like compared to kids going to regular school?
What is a good pet bird to get?
I'm travelling to Budapest. Can you tell me some of the highlights of the city?
How do you contour?
Should children learn to use the computer at an early age?
How do I make waffles?
Is Fedex a good option to ship packages?
What is there to do at Crystal Cove state park?
What is menopause?
How do I know I am a hoarder?
Was wanting to listen to some good tunes. The Police was a pretty classic band. What are some of their big hits?
How often should my yard be mowed
what are some good party ideas for a 50th birthday party
What is a home equity loan?
Is there a fine for littering in New York?
what are the correct wiper blades for a 2010 ford raptor?
What are the most popular Christian songs in 2021
What are some places to visit in Nashville?
What are some activities I can do in Daytona Beach?
What is menopause?
I want to start working out, but I'd like to do it w/ people. How do I find workout buddies?
When was Intel established?
How can I make stonewash jeans?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Thai dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tom Kha Gai?
I'd like to learn some weather terms in a new language. Can you help?
How do I make sunny side up eggs?
Why do people need to be good at math to do computer programming?
I'd like to comfort a friend who has a sick pet. Any thoughts?
Should I have the same bedtime every day or vary it depending on the weekends and weeknights?
Do you know how to find a great restaurant near me that plays Live Jazz music?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gallo Pinto?
Should I remove a gecko from my house?
Would you describe the major news stories as essential and important? Why, or why not?
Can you give me some information about Socrates?
I'm trying to find the best quality of fencing for a cheap price. It needs to be privacy fencing
Find a recipe for dirt cake
What is the name of the most popular flowers in Texas.
Can you help me understand how lightning forms?
Can you describe to me characteristics of Amber colored eyes? For example, physical characteristics and where the eye color is frequently found.
How old is David Bowie?
How do I enjoy pumpkin seeds?
What are the origins of the Super Bowl and how did it get its start?
How can I get Amazon gift cards?
Do massages offer any physical health benefits, or is it only psychological?
When I make chile rellenos, the chiles are not blackened and blistered like I wish they were. What can I do when cooking them to ensure they are blackened and blistered?
Why do I cramp and feel tired during my period
How can I go over my fear of heights
Do old obsidian arrowheads contain any value?
On average, I wonder how many people in the United States, believe in a supreme being? Or on average, how much of the general population is atheist?
Can you provide me some details on the Bombing of Libya?
How do you make a backup in Windows 10?
What are some good books for kids who are into magic?
What are some things that are good to take along on a hiking trip?
How do I apply mulch to my yard?
I have heard algae is good for the skin. Can you describe what some of those benefits accomplish?
How do you "like" a video on YouTube?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gallo Pinto?
I was reading a book about aliens and wondered. Do you think aliens exist? what would they look like?
I've heard of Reddit, but I don't know what it is. Can you explain it?
Who is the current host of The Tonight Show?
What is the best selling type of music in the world?
How can I become a reality tv star?
A local Roller Derby group, asked me to join, but I'd like to figure out how much my equipment might cost. Any suggestions?
Please explain to me the cell structure, what a cell consists of
How can I make a garden on a small apartment balcony?
Hi, I just purchased a Colt Anaconda, .44 magnum caliber. I'm not familiar with the gun, can you explain how to load and operate it?
How do I get more romance back into my relationship with my significant other?
I need to fix a slight bent in a license plate. Do you know how I can do that?
Why did he stop talking to me
If I like Cat Stevens, what other artists would I like?
How do I know if I have rats?
What kind of vegetables can I put on skewers?
Man, those new trucks are nice. Have you seen how much they cost now? Wow!
What is normal blood sugar?
What type of an assistant are you?
Can you tell me the best website to have flowers delivered to someone?
I'd like to start scuba diving lessons. Can you recommend a good place to take lesson and to do some scuba diving?
Why don't some people want to wear mask to slow the spread of Covid during this pandemic?
How do cars convert gas to energy?
What is Black and White and Red all over?
Do you know of any tips that can help get me out of going to jury duty?
What are fun ideas for a mermaid party?
I have heard that the moon is getting farther away from the Earth, why is this?
How do you teach a child to ride a bike?
How should I get a job with the ongoing pandemic? I think I'd prefer not to work at home, say on a computer, but rather in a science field performing lab work. But with the pandemic, there is much more exposure working out rather than working from home.
where on earth is carmen sandiage
I'm looking to get a new dog. Can you help me decide on a breed?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Malloreddus alla campidanese?
Can you explain the difference between chemotherapy and radiation?
Are my neighbors talking behind my back
Do you think you can help me learn what a person should do immediately after a car crash?
How can I shoot an arrow with a bow?
How do you win playing Monopoly?
What are some cool rides at Disneyland a ten year old would enjoy?
Does a horse require a lot of money?
I'm going to Finland and need to learn destination terms.
I'm gonna make spicy curry but I'm gonna add eggs to it, specifically hard boiled eggs. Can you tell me how to boil eggs?
Can you help me calculate my loan payments on a new car?
Who is third in line to the British throne?
I have an assignment to submit tomorrow. Can you write me an essay about the dangers of social media?
Which company developed the video game console Xbox 360?
Are digital newspaper subscriptions worth it?
I want to buy a new television but I am not sure what. I would like it to be quite big and have great colour. Can you suggest some for me?
I want to learn some self defense moves. How can I do that?
Is drinking alcohol bad for people?
Can you tell me some cost estimates for getting a college degree in the US?
what year was the samsung s7 edge released?
What is the process for becoming a NASA astronaut?
Can you tell me how to get a pilot's license?
Can you recommend a Steven Spielberg movie?
Can you tell me the general rules for the sport soccer?
I am going on vacation soon.
What time of the year can I start seeing groundhogs come out of hibernation?
What is a pride parade?
How can I safely dumpster dive?
What are some good pastries I can eat in the morning?
Could you provide me some information on the Bosnian War?
How do I get a plumbers license.
What do I do if my dog keeps spilling his water on my kitchen floor?
Who is Alice Tavner?
I'm making popcorn at home. What are some good ways to flavor it?
Find Jonah Hill movies
What is the best time of the year to grow beets in Maryland?
'm trying to find a flight to Costa Rica on December 5th for cheap. Can you help?
What is the most played sport in the United States?
Can you tell me more about the origin of Krampus?
I'd like to comfort a friend who recently broke her ankle. She lives far away from me, but I know she's frustrated.
How do I make a Vietnamese sandwich?
How do I teach my daughter how to multiply numbers?
What should I look for in a therapist?
Can animals be gay?
What toy should I get for a child who loves nature?
What educational benefits do vets receive?
Hi, the neighbor in the house behind me has gotten awfully noisy. Can you give me any suggestions on how I can get him to quiet down?
How do I learn how to fish?
What are some common fish for a freshwater fish tank?
Thanksgiving is coming up, and I need a recipe for cranberry sauce. Can you help?
What are some good shows about Hollywood news I can watch?
How do I know if my child is addicted to the ipad?
What can I bring my friend for a housewarming party?
What are the veterinarian requirements when getting a new puppy dog in California?
Hello, I am trying to figure out how to play guitar in Drop D Tuning. Can you help?
How do I fry things without burning myself?
What are perogies?
What is the most popular dog breed in the US?
Hi, I recently purchased a Glock 19, but I don't know how to load it, and I'd like some help with that. For starters, what ammunition do I need to use with it?
Ketchup seems to be such a prolific condiment. When did it become popular, and who produced it?
what are the benefits of dark chocolate?
How do I get rid of belly fat?
What is a mimosa?
How do I freeze cake?
If I get bite by a rattlesnake, should I try to suck the venom out of the bite?
tell my wife I want a divorce
Which gifts should I avoid giving to people during Christmas?
what was Lee Majors famous for
What is revenue?
How can a US citizen move to and retire in Mexico?
How do I start a campfire?
Which fruit is better for your health, pears or apples?
Hi, I'd like to get familiar with the music of the 1980s. Can you help me make a playlist of some of the best 80s hits?
I'm having issues with a mouse infestation in my home.
I need a recipe for hummus
Can you recommend an album by a female vocalist?
What time of the year is best to plant strawberries in Maryland?
how do i make easy sugar cookies ?
Do 5G towers cause people to get Covid-19?
Can you tell me how to make a margarita? My wife loves them.
Is it ok to feed pigeons?
Can you describe things about the respiratory system in humans
What does Graves disease mean?
How can I fix a cracked tooth?
What kind of supplies should I make sure I have for a long hike?
I heard that diesel trucks can just be left idling for as long as you want, while gas engines need to be shut off after a while?
Could you recommend some video games similar to the final fantasy series?
are cold showers better than hot ones?
How can I splint a fractured hand?
How do I get rid of odors in the interior of a car?
What can i make with basil?
I have to study for history class. Could you help me give an overview of the French Revolution?
what are some nice flavors of fudge?
I need to get vaccinated for the flu this year but I'm not sure where to do that. Can you tell me the closest place that I can get the vaccination?
what do you know about 'the firmament'?
what are some good flavors of pop tarts?
Are there any resources I can use to learn how to calculate probability?
How do you breakup with someone>
Why do they need to put metal shoes on horses? What is wrong with their natural feet?
What is your name?
How long does a senator serve for?
I'm looking to buy my first home. Can you tell me about the different types of mortgages?
How do I raise the flag in the morning?
what's a good place to listen to music for free online?
I get very tired in the afternoon and have to nap
Can you list common dog behaviors when the dog is anxious?
Do you know much about the ISS?
How many stars are in our solar system?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Tunisian Brik?
I just saw Australian rules football on TV. Can you explain the rules of the game to me?
What is restless leg syndrome?
How do you clean the dryer vent?
Hello, I am trying to find the most dry cabernet sauvignon from California. Can you help?
Can you solve a math equation for me? It is x^2+2x-4=0
What did early man do with the gold he found?
What methods could I use to cope with anxiety?
What do modern trains use as fuel?
Can you give me a good recipe for turkey stuffing?
Is it better to not wear rain gear, when it's moderately raining? I wonder sometimes if rain gear is really worth the trouble.
How do you give a dog a bath?
What is Moneygram?
How can I learn to keep a secret?
How do you mend a broken heart?
I have to help plan a wedding and I have no experience with it. What are some things I need to know about wedding planning?
I've heard that other countries outside of the west eat dog, which western people do not. What countries eat dog?
I'd like to get into a career in therapy. What minors or majors do I need in my education?
Greta Garbot was such an icon, and died, too early. What were some of her well known works?
how do i become less winded when running?
When writing about a smell, a scent, what are some good ways to communicate such?
What are ways you can tell someone is bored with what you're saying?
How do you teach a dog to g9ve you a handshake?
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
What are some good artists from the 1920s?
I have been having difficulty quitting smoking and I'm looking for new ideas on how to make it easier. How can I quit smoking?
Can you teach me how to make a smoothie?
Any tips on how to become a better negotiator?
what are some good japanese anime shows for boys?
How do I know if a newborn is hungry?
Which web browser gets hacked the most? I thought perhaps Internet Explorer.
Can you suggest fun things to do in Hawaii?
Man, sometimes I have to correct my typing. I think I picked up bad habits learning on my won. Do you know any way a person could go back and learn to type the right way?
How do you make tuna salad?
Who is the founder of Al Jazeera Media Network?
I'm trying to decide what the best vegetables to grow in my area are.
What are the names of Santa's reindeer?
Where is mount everest located?
Should I buy an unlocked phone or one under contract
What is Goop?
What is the longest amount of time you can get a Visa to stay in another country for?
Does Facebook sell your personal data to make money?
I am planning to travel to the Maldives, and wondered if you could tell me more about the country?
How can I tell the difference between a dolphin and a shark swimming?
Can you help with resolving a conflict in a relationship? If two people often argue, is it better to move on, or try to resolve it?
What are the best stretches that I can do to increase flexibility?
I think I just got bitten by a spider! What do I do?
I love the music of Bessie Smith. Would love to know more about her background?
How do you write a song?
What causes kidney stones?
My playstation makes tons of noise when I'm playing a game. Why?
Is there any chocolate factories in the United states that still does tours?
I need some advice on Christmas plans. Some of people I'm visiting aren't vaccinated against Covid-19 and refuse to take a rapid test before gathering. Should I go to the Christmas Eve dinner? It will be indoors
Which books are similar to On the Road by Jack Kerouac?
I really liked Interstellar. What other movies or tv shows like it do you recommend?
Does the US really go to war because of the access to oil in other countries?
How do I learn origami?
I'm trying to find tickets to Tina on Broadway for November 30th. Can you help?
Why do marines say Semper Fi?
how do i prepare fish for cooking?
Where did the original stuffed teddy bear originate?
Why do we eat turkey for Thanksgiving
Which web browser gets hacked the most? I thought perhaps Internet Explorer.
Can you help me help someone have an easier time get up in the morning?
Are matchbooks made much, anymore? It seems like handheld lighters with some type of fuel, tend to be more popular.
Find directions for defrosting a freezer
Give me tips to better sketch landscape.
How many suicide squad movies did they make?
What are some good gift ideas for a tea lover?
What is the record for the fastest keyboard typist?
What is the 6th amendment?
What is interstitial cystitis?
Hi, how does a touch screen phone work?
How much do movers cost?
Who is the leader of China?
Where can I find arrowheads?
What kind of calculator should I use for calculus?
Find directions for applying wallpaper
What's the steps to find north with a compass?
How do I care for a Power Wheels battery?
What goes well with soaked oats?
What is hospice?
What is in a milkshake?
I'm preparing thanksgiving dinner for the first time and need some advice. What is the best way to prepare a turkey?
Please compile a list of the top 10 girl names chosen from the years 2000-2010.
Best place to find a desktop computer on a budget?
I'm really into pairings. Right now, I want to know about herb and spice pairings with wine. I want to know what wines I can pair basil, mint and cilantro with.
I'd like to learn about the Bible in a fun and informative way. Are there any YouTube channels that teach the bible?
I would like to get an explanations about how windmills work and what they are used for. Can you help?
Why is red the color to stop in traffic signs?
Where can I go to watch whales?
What is the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
Can you help me learn a few common phrases in Hungarian?
what cute things can i make out of clay?
How do I groom a cat?
How can I feel more energetic throughout the day?
Can you give some examples of chewy candies?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cape Verdean dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Pastel?
How can I clear ice from steps?
I want to visit Tennessee. Do you happen to know what are the general attractions there?
I'm having a hard time explaining the concept of death to my five year old son. His gold fish just died and I don't know what to tell him. We're not religious.
How can I safely burn a pile of brush in my backyard?
What are things to do in Macau?
What does the Richter scale do?
Why did the temperature drop 30 degrees today
Can you tell me the cooking time for pan frying a steak?
What are some places in the Southwest that I should visit?
How do you draw a horse?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nsenene?
how do i know if my child needs hearing aids?
what is the most popular song Ronnie James Dio sang
I'm trying to spruce up my style. What are some ways I can accessorize a basic tee shirt and jeans?
I want to know which show is the highest-grossing production on Broadway?
When is the best time to visit Costa Rica?
My girlfriend is so down lately, how do I make her happy?
I'm new to wearing makeup, but really want to make my eyes standout.
Hi, my car's windshield wipers are out of fluid. How do I refill them?
How can I test my internet speed?
What are some traditional Thai dishes?
What are some cool places to visit in India?
What is the best way to debone a turkey?
How do I make chocolate fondue?
Are calico cats mean?
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Do you have any advice on how to build my credit?
How do you invest in stocks?
How can I cut a watermelon?
What kind of multi-vitamins should a woman take?
Can you give some examples of tea producing countries?
Can you help me determine the best route to drive cross country in the US?
Can you explain why staying out in the sun without sunscreen can cause sunburn?
I only have a week off. I cannot decide between going to London or Paris. I have never been there before.
What should I consider when converting to LED lights?
I want to know more about Jacqueline Kennedy. Do you have any interesting facts about her?
I need some information on how to train a service dog puppy.
I want to quit smoking. What are some methods I can use?
How do I learn to be good at making small talk?
I just bought and Iphone, but I've been using Android. What do I need to do to switch over?
What are some good gifts for a huge baseball fan?
Why do elephants live for so long?
Can you help teach me how to make breaded baked pork chops?
Find a spaghetti squash recipe
how do i do a bridge?
How to repel gnats?
How do you keep cheese from getting moldy?
Who are the funniest stand up comedians?
How do i get a perfect cooked turkey for thanksgiving?
What exactly is dyslexia?
How can I be a better dancer?
Which is better for gaming, xbox or playstation?
I need some information on how to train a service dog puppy.
Find David Charvet movies
Can I get some advice on how to cook a hamburger on the grill uniformly? I don't want the core pink, but I don't want the outside over cooked as well.
Is well water safe to drink?
How do you start organizing a messy apartment?
Describe what happened on 9/11
I'm opening my own business and trying to figure out how to decorate my office in a way that's welcoming but professional. Do you have any advice on how to communicate that with wallpaper, paint, furniture, decorations, etc?
How do I install solar panels on my roof?
What are some fun small toys to put in a pinata?
How does Facebook live work?
What is your biggest fear?
How long does it take for a body to mummify?
What can I do if beans give me gas?
Search for Brendan Frasier movies.
was babe ruth black
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
What can I get my child for getting good grades?
What exactly is the frost line?
Why did the temperature drop 30 degrees today
Can you still use Microsoft Office without paying a monthly subscription?
How do I patch up a hole in the wall that a mouse is coming through?
How can I develop better public speaking skills?
Why are smart homes becoming so popular?
Search for Dr. Dre songs
I have a job interview at a local coffee shop tomorrow. What should I wear?
Can you tell me about the three branches of the US government?
How should I keep my important documents organized?
My mom just got back from the hospital after suffering a heart attack. How should I take care of her?
What is the best way to melt ice on my driveway?
I want to know the cons of populism
What are some danger that urban explorers might face when exploring abandoned buildings?
I want to learn how to cut my own hair
Any tips on how to improve the sense of direction in urban area?
Why do cats like sunlight so much?
Fix a small dent in my car
My son has been really sad lately because his pet goldfish died. He is too young to fully understand the concept of death. How do I explain the death of my 7-year-old's goldfish to him?
is using a vpn beneficial?
How do I increase milk production? I'm breastfeeding.
How can I make vegan friendly bread?
What should I look for in a school for my kids?
I just adopted a pet dog. What are some good toys that I should get for it?
what are some clear soups i can make?
I want to go to Italy on vacation for two weeks. I want to see historical sights.
how do i throw a cowboy birthday party?
How does photosynthesis work?
How do you wash and clean a non-stick pan without scratching the non-stick coating?
what should i do if my child gets too much homework?
I'm going to list some CSS properties and you tell me what said property accomplishes, okay?
What causes men to go bald?
I want to learn about some of the ways to improve one's cholesterol
What do I do if I crash into someone's car and nobody is around?
What are the things that happen to the body up to a year after stopping smoking?
What are some general tools I need in order to make a cocktail?
I had a party today and there has been pizza and burgers sitting on the counter for about 10 hours. Are they still safe to eat?
How do I help my friend with her family problems?
How do I make a simple omelet?
How can I recycle foil?
I'm trying to learn more about bats, can you help me with that?
How can I comfort a teenager that has been rejected from their favorite college?
How do you measure your bra size?
Please tell me what vehicle is Volkswagen best known for?
Alcohol is such a strange beverage, I wonder who the first people were that learned to make beer on purpose?
Hi, could you help me remove a stain on my pillow?
How do I get over my fear of spiders?
What is the plot of Dune?
how do i grow a rat tail?
My cat keeps dragging her butt on the floor what do I do?
What are mandarin oranges
How do you make salsa?
First Lady Biden, is educated, and working with schools. I'd love to know more about her education and work.
What does it mean to live a good life?
Is it save to use my fireplace if I haven't used it or cleaned it in years?
How can I be safe purchasing cryptocurrency
Did the Egyptians have a God of Death?
Search for a rhubarb bar recipe
What is the tallest mountain in the world?
What are some foods enjoyed in the Bayou of Louisiana?
What kind of soup is the best for when you have a cold?
I am baking pumpkin muffins for thanksgiving this year. Do you have any tips or advice on how to make them come out well?
What do I do to decrease my dog’s shedding?
I want to know tourist destination and entertainment centers in Los Angeles.
How do you stop gray hairs
what are fun things for a teen to collect?
What would be a good national park for a warm vacation during the winter in the US?
Is it a good idea to rent, or is it a better idea to get a mortgage?
I'm taking a trip and need to learn to speak a phrase in a few languages. Can you help?
I always wondered what Charlie Daniels background was, for playing the violin or the fiddle. Do you know where he got his training, or where he started musically?
Whenever I eat a lot of meat I start vomiting. Why is this?
Can you help me write a birthday card for my sister?
What household item can you use to whiten and brighten white clothes and linens?
Who was Alexander Fleming?
how do you adjust the way file explorer display the content?
How do I use an inversion table for back pain?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Kalo?
How do you clean a velvet couch?
Can you give me a recipe for chocolate fudge?
What are some things I can do in London?
What are the ingredients in stuffing?
Do you think there will be long lines at flight check-in at the airport?
What do they mean when they say, a phone has a lot of bloatware? What is bloatware?
What is the process in order to get my dog fixed?
What are some good asian teas?
How can I make ice cream at home?
What are some movies about karate?
I want to learn about some of the ways to improve one's cholesterol
Hi, the water in my place is very hard. Anything I can do to treat that, get rid of all the minerals, or at least reduce them?
Is Ringo Starr still recording?
Can you provide me with some steps on dealing with betrayal?
How do i make carne asada
Should you leave cookies for Santa?
Who is buried in Grant's tomb
How can I encourage my kids to save monye?
I have some freeze dried raspberries in my freezer and want to use them. Can you provide me with suggestions as to what meals I can use the freeze dried raspberries for?
What can I use to give myself a homemade tattoo?
I think I'm overweight. How could I lose a few pounds?
How do I stitch a small wound?
How old was Elvis Presley when he died?
what do i do about acid reflux?
Is cable television worth paying for?
How do you make a safe and sturdy wood pizza oven?
I am writing a report about some of the star players in the Negro Leagues. Are there any players you can think of?
Sherlock Holmes is the classic detective. I wonder how the author came up with that anti hero?
How do I make meatloaf?
What are some good pastries I can eat in the morning?
Does wearing a tightly curled permanent wave, in your hair, cause long term hair damage?
I'm traveling to France soon and need to get a passport. I've never had one before. Can you tell me how I should go about getting one?
what are the effects of stress on the body?
I want to know what I can do through the Ease of Access menu on my Windows 10 computer
How do I take care of a lawn?
Can you help me gather information for a research paper about World War 2?
What are places I can visit in Melbourne?
How do I get a child to do their homework independently?
How do I make mashed potatoes with skins?
What does escrow mean when you're buying a house?
How do I prevent someone from hacking into my email account?
How can I teach kids about puberty?
how do i have a long distance relationship?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Irish dishes. Can you give me a recipe Colcannon ?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Egyptian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ful medames?
Is horseback riding a good activity for kids?
What are things I can do on vacation in italy?
I'm trying to name my baby daughter but I cannot decide on which one to choose.
What is the COVID-19 booster?
How many people died in World War 2 globally?
How can I help someone that is on a diet?
How do I prepare for a natural childbirth?
What are the symptoms of the coronavirus?
What is a good alternative to vegetable oil for recipes?
Which tie knot is best for a formal occasion like a wedding?
I'm interested in getting into baking bread. Do you have ideas about how I can get started that are approachable and foolproof for a beginner?
the bottom of my foot is itchy. what do i do?
What are some UNESCO heritage sites in the USA?
I'm unsure of where to invest my money. I know very little about stocks but might be interested in learning more about them. Can you direct me on where to begin?
what are some motivational phrases I can tell my kids?
How do you adjust the lens on a binocular?
What is mortgage insurance?
Why did they start banning plastic grocery bags everywhere?
I always have dry hands. What can i do to stop them drying out?
What items should I keep in my wallet?
I
My niece is interested in astrology but she is only 7 years old. How can I teach her about the subject using simple terms?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Samosas?
Can you give me some pointers on how to kayak?
How can I learn to think more logically?
there seems to be a huge decline in pubs in England. why is that?
How do I find out if there is a fire evacuation in my area?
Can you tell me the steps on sanitizing a kitchen countertop?
How do you stop spam phone calls?
What's a jellyfish?
Can I get sick from being too cold?
Hi! Could you help me think of Christmas gifts for my family members?
What part of the world did the potato originate in?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sudanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Dura?
How do I cook a rare steak?
How do you make a bruise go away faster?
If you were human what would you do first
How can I describe to a child what lobbying is in a way where they will understand?
If military time is so much better, why doesn't everyone use it?
Who was Amelda Marcos?
Can you tell me what kind of plants are good to keep inside the home?
Can you help me make guacamole?
I need a microphone for work meetings. What is a trusted brand for computer microphones?
I'm interested in learning about computer programming, but I don't know anything about it. Where should I start?]
Is a car alarm worth the cost?
How do you upload files to cloud storage?
I have a cat and am thinking about adopting a rabbit. Can they get along or will my cat try and kill it?
Do you like stories?
How long should a honeymoon be?
How do I begin the process of getting my passport?
Why does our memory get worse as we age?
What are some movies about serial killers?
What happens when you lose something?
I have very dry and damaged hair. Could you suggest somethings to help me repair it?
What is the cheapest time to travel to Europe?
How do you work a portable GPS?
How does a space heater work?
How do I claim a dependent on my 1040 tax form?
What is a POS system?
How can I determine the best time of year to visit Las Vegas?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tuwo shinkafa?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe Khobz Mbassas?
What does an oncologist do?
How do I build a brick oven for pizzas?
Do you think you can explain to me how gravity works?
Hello, I am trying to figure out how to write an exposition
What is the best fast food restaurant?
Social media is said to have a very negative effect on teenagers' well-being. What are some of the reasons?
Should I plant trees around my home?
what is the longest river in the united states
I love Pierce Brosnan in the role of James Bond, but I forget which movies he was in. Can you list the movies in which he played James Bond?
Are Russia's space rockets better than the USA ones?
I have been lightheaded and dizzy for a week straight. What could be causing this?
What are some fun things I can plan for a boys sleepover?
How can I sew a straight line?
How can I protect myself from the COVID-19
what is the best line of power tools
Should I kill my garden spiders?
How long would it take to travel from Maryland to Maine?
Is Kauai the most beautiful island in Hawaii?
How do I clean up after my goats?
Is a cockatiel a good pet?
I want to donate to a charity, but know that lots of charities don't use the money properly. Which charities are most efficient?
What are 22 rifles mainly used for?
How can I explain algebra to my son?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Arroz Aguado?
What are some things we can do with rocks on the beach?
I read somewhere that I should rotate my car tires every time I get an oil change. Is that right?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tamuga?
Can you tell me the story of The Phantom of the Opera?
I am looking to buy a home, but need to learn about different types of mortgages. Can you explain a fixed-rate mortgage versus a variable-rate mortgage?
What are some superheroes who transform?
Not sure what blood test results will be
What are some ways to treat sensitive teeth?
What is the requirement to join the US Navy?
I know it's tax season but I'm not sure when I have to submit my tax return by. What is the due date?
What are things one can do to avoid miscommunication with others?
Does a source of electricity ever run out of electrons?
I want to know if you have any energy drink recommendations!
Can I keep a cactus indoors?
How do I make Mexican ground beef?
I'm learning about eggs. Can you explain to me the differences between organic versus pasture fed eggs?
How can I learn to be a mechanic?
How does crypto currency work to make transactions anonymous?
Do they look at your credit history when you apply for a job?
What is the most dangerous animal that lives today?
How do I powdered sugar at home?
Are there any precautions I need to take when using my motorcycle in the wintertime?
I'm trying to find out more information on President Andrew Johnson, can you help?
Can you recommend a tv show that has good mysteries in it?
I'd like to build my own simple telescope at home. I don't need anything especially complicated or technical, I'm just trying to build a simple telescope. What materials might I need?
Have many people executed on death row been later found to be innocent?
Why, if there are registered democrats than republicans, does the GOP keep winning control of Govenrment?
What types of illnesses could be caused by being overweight?
I'm thinking about reading a new book. Questlove had a book or two out, right?
What are the common causes of overcooked rice?
Do avocados grow in a lot of different places?
Can you teach me about about lupus and how to treat it?
My friend recently lost a loved one and I need some advice on how to console them
How do I teach a child to read music?
Is Subway fast food healthier than McDonald's?
How come my car won't start?
I'm trying to find out more about the Occupation of Nicaragua. Can you help me learn more about this conflict?
Hi! I'm looking for more gluten free recipes but I have no idea where to start. Can you help me?
What does it mean when they say lien?
Can you tell me the basics of travel insurance?
I'm am contemplating engaging in a threesome with the person I am dating. Do you have any advice for multi-partner sex?
How do I clean an upholstered chair?
How do you reconnect with an old friend that you hadn't talk to in years?
Why does peanut butter go so well with jam in a sandwich?
What's a good substitute for eggs in a cake recipe
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Liberian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Palava?
What is the difference between flotsam and jetsom?
For digestive health, is it better to take fiber supplements, or antacid pills?
Should I tip the UPS driver?
How do I get my kids to clean up?
Hi, I have a pet Latrodectus spider. How and what do I feed it, and how often? It's only a month or two old.
How can I make a pillow out of a shirt?
I forgot to get cool whip for my pumpkin pie, what else can I top it with?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nicaraguan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Indio Viejo?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Adena Kabab Lamb?
Why do we have 7 days in a week?
Hey ! How many dates should I be taking my girlfriend on in a month and where should I take her?
What is it called when the bottoms of your feet just start to hurt for no reason?
What will happen in the tv court case
Hi, I'm in the mood for Veal Piccata, but I don't know how to make it. Can you give me a recipe for that?
I am thinking of starting a business but I am unsure what to do. What 3 business ideas would you suggest? and why?
When is a good time of year to travel to Italy?
How do you make earrings?
I have a foot cramp.
Why was cursive ever created and used?
I'd like to start playing a musical instrument, do you have any recommendations?
Can you tell me just how dangerous drinking aspartame is for you? I only drink diet sodas, but I know some people say it causes cancer.
How can I help someone who is dealing with a panic attack?
How do beta-blockers help with blood pressure?
What are the symptoms of the coronavirus?
Who is third in line to the British throne?
What are some fun decorations for a birthday cake for a child?
I'm trying to decide when the best time to go to Ireland would be. Do you have any idea?
How long has the process of veneering been around for?
how do i care for a tortoise?
What are some good classic Disney movies?
I plan to make Fudge Walnut Brownies. Can you help me?
Is all wheat the same?
I haven't played video games in years and want to start again. Which console is most popular nowadays?
About how long would it take if I wanted to travel to Florida from Maryland by car?
How can I stop being afraid of mice
When did Prince's hit song Purple Rain release?
Hello! Do you know anything about how to get famous and make money on youtube?
I need to repair my garage door
What are the fastest computers used for these days?
Is Spanish a good language to learn? Why?
What is the best streaming service for NBC content?
is it safe to eat fish from a river in my city?
What causes copper to be red in color?
what is a gift I can get my daughter on her wedding day?
I'm trying to make a better first impression when I meet people in a professional context. Can you provide tips?
What are the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics?
Please show me a list of planets starting from the one closest from the sun.
What is the latest at night I should drink coffee?
What are some ways I can improve my posture?
What is the main ingredient in toothpaste that protect teeth against cavities?
I wanna listen to some classical music. Can you recommend some good songs?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Algerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Baklawa?
My son won't do his school homework and I don't know what to do. Any advice you can give me?
How do you change the duration of inactivity before a monitor turn off in Windows 10?
What are some recipes using M&Ms?
Any tips on how to get good grill marks when grilling steaks?
How can I make panettone?
Should I have a dog if I work?
What are the general uses of cornstarch when cooking?
I'm trying to pick a location for a spring break vacation. Can you help me with some popular destinations?
What is the highest mountain in georgia
The holidays are coming up soon. What is a good christmas present for a co-worker that I don't know very well?
Are there any tips in regards to teaching a child how to tie his shoes?
What are the pros and cons of eating ramen?
How can I better concentrate when listening to lectures?
What are some recipes to make with deli ham?
Venmo is it safe?
Is a keto diet effective?
what are some good topping for ice cream
How do I let the air out of my car tire if I added too much?
I want to book a hotel in Bangkok. I want something that i s luxurious. what options would you suggest?
What is Google Hangouts?
I want to set up an outdoor area for watching sports events on a projector. will any projector work for this?
What is a schedule and nutrition plan for an infant using formula milk?
If Batman and Superman got into a fight, which one would win?
Can you give me some examples of a palatalization?
I have a job interview at a local coffee shop tomorrow. What should I wear?
I am looking to get my first credit card. Can you explain credit cards to me and what some of the important features are?
Why do they sell hotdog wieners in packs of 10 and the buns in packs of 8?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sizzling Sisig?
What are some things a residential electrician should be able to do?
I'm planning a trip to Paris for one week. Can you help me?
What are spreadsheets used for?
I'm looking to get a house and lot through a broker, and I'm told financing will be through a bank loan. I was told to open a checking account. How does a bank loan work when buying a property?
Do you have a good recipe for salad nicoise?
Could you help me learn more about the video game console called Neo Geo?
What are some cocktails that can be made using malibu?
What can you tell me about emperor penguins?
What is the best wood to use to make a canoe?
Can you explain to me the steps of photosynthesis?
I want to make a scrapbook to remember a family vacation. What kinds of things should I include?
What can I install in my children's playground for flooring so they don't hurt themselves?
What is the best college degree to get for someone who wants to go into the medical field but doesn't want to be around blood and fluids every day?
I am very stressed out right now as my family have been fighting a lot. Can you help me with ways to relieve stress?
When I was little I watch a show with ClaraBelle. Do you know the name of the show?
What is blockchain is simple terms?
Who is Donald Trump?
How do I teach a baby to dance?
How can I improve my putting in golf?
Is it safe to go to Las Vegas for vacation? Seems a bit concerning these days, with masks and vaccines and the like.
When did "Black Friday" become a thing socially, in the U.S.?
Can you tell me about Kwanzaa?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a great actor. What are some of his best movies?
Is there any way to prevent bacon from sticking to the pan when cooking?
Hi! I'm looking for a new job and need interview tips.
What is a better choice for home defense? A shotgun or a handgun?
What is the purpose of agave nectar in a cocktail?
Why can't we have laws against public servants lying about policy?
Who were the characters on Scooby Doo?
What was the first TV that people could actually buy?
What is kickstarter?
How do I cool down a room?
How do I find the best deal while booking a hotel?
I'm not good with people and want to find a way to work from home. What kind of jobs pay well that I can do from home?
When does Hanukkah start?
Could you tell me more about the Disney movie Lilo & Stitch?
I want to travel to Greece. I would like you to help me plan.
I am trying to write a fairy tale. What is the most popular plot?
I need to apply for new jobs. What are some of the things I can do to stand out?
house prices are going up fast. Should I buy now or wait?
How do you count your blessing?
What do I do if I feel jittery when drinking coffee?
What is the best way to clean house windows without leaving streaks?
Can you tell me how to measure the hardness of my tap water?
I just accidentally sprayed myself with bear spray. My eyes are stringing, my face is hot and I can barely breathe. What do I do?
Can you tell me about Kwanzaa?
What are some random acts of kindness?
How do I keep pipes from freezing in the winter?
I'm trying to connect with a friend who is moving overseas. I'd like to do something special before they move. Do you have any suggestions?
What is the US tax rate
How difficult is it to learn Japanese?
My best friend is getting married and I am her maid of honor. I have to write a speech about her and I would like it to be witty. Can you help?
Can you tell me the political details of how Chines and US government are different?
When did human beings first invent widespread sanitation in terms of sewer systems?
How do I fix a running toilet?
How do you detect carbon monoxide without a detector?
How much does a subscription to Netflix cost?
Would you provide me some tips on teaching my dog to play dead?
I need to change a tire.
I have a migraine, is there anything I can do to treat it?
I would like to know more about the city that I live in. What can you tell me about the history of Lancaster, PA?
What is a red supergiant?
What are some good places to visit in Florence?
What do hair lice look like? I think my daughter may have caught them from a friend but am unsure what they exactly look like.
What is the most popular girl's name?
How do I remove a wax from my wax melter?
How do I get a needle out of my foot?
Do you know any good jokes?
Can I get twitter without advertisements?
What can you tell me about Ghandi?
Can you help me determine the best route to drive cross country in the US?
Have you ever told a lie?
What is the recommended tire pressure for a ford escape?
I'm writing a paper on the effects of drinking on the human brain. Can you give me more information on what those effects are?
How do I get better at time management?
I was thinking about being a professional musician, with an instrument. Typically, is it easier to learn the saxophone, or the trumpet?
Can you help me to make my own laundry detergent?
How do I heal from family trauma so that I can break cycles and become my highest self
I just moved into my first apartment. How often should I vacuum?
Can you recommend an album by a female vocalist?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Kenyan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Nyama Choma?
Why don't we have cars that get 100 MPG after all these years?
How do you mend a broken heart?
It's important to teach kids skills. Can you explain some of the most important skills kids should be taught?
Hi, Assistant!
How should I get a job with the ongoing pandemic? I think I'd prefer not to work at home, say on a computer, but rather in a science field performing lab work. But with the pandemic, there is much more exposure working out rather than working from home.
Can you give me a recipe for steak tartare?
What is the best way to apply makeup?
Can you help me find a train route from London, UK to Paris, France?
what colour should I paint my walls if I have a grey sofa?
How should I warm up prior to working out?
What age is good to take an international flight?
Can you explain how to use commas and punctuations in a sentence?
How can I learn to do Irish Dancing?
I want to know about Facebook corporation.
How can I use google maps when I go on a trip?
How can I get rid of gallstones?
What is benadryl for?
Do you know which charities are good to support in order to help the environment?
Hey! How do I level up as a person?
Princess Diana sure seemed to love her kids. Harry takes after his mother. What charity work is Harry doing these days?
What does A1C mean?
What type of an assistant are you?
What do I do if I encounter a mountain lion?
How can I make a car costume?
What kind of vegetables can I put on skewers?
What are some good ways for senior citizens to stay fit and healthy?
Do you like stories?
What does it mean to be 'a jack of all trades'?
What is an easy craft I can help my kids with for their mother?
Can you help me make some chocolate chip cookies?
How can I stop myself from going bald?
Who is Kamala Harris?
What is a White Russian?
What are the differences between a migraine and a regular headache?
What is the largest mountain in the world?
How do you get a child to do homework?
How do you fix a noisy door hinge?
Will Covid-19 ever be over?
When did the Americans celebrate their first Thanksgiving?
Why do people collect sneakers?
Do you know of any good art colleges?
What was the main cause of the outbreak of World War 1?
What are healthy snacks that taste good, but have higher fiber, and lower sugar?
I'm planning a trip to Vienna. Can you recommend some popular landmarks and attractions to visit?
How do you become a nun?
Is fluoride a necessarily ingredient to toothpaste? Why or why not?
Should you use a cash back credit card?
How should I store medicine safely?
How can I save apple seeds?
What is the most reliable luxury car?
Please tell me about the former US President Bill Clinton.
What is a good gift for a first communion?
How can I make my own guacamole at home?
Can you tell me the process to gain employment as a pet groomer?
Is Fedex a good option to ship packages?
What is the most difficult vegetable to grow?
I know some information about acupuncture, such as that it comes from ancient China. But I wanna know, how does acupuncture work?
How do I paint with a stencil?
The River Styx has always had such a mystical story. Can you illustrate more for me verbally?
What are some good places to visit in London?
what are some good fall baked good i can make?
Can you recommend some singers or bands that are similar to Orville Peck?
What are some young country singers?
How do I get rid of blackheads?
How do I make sure my dog gets enough vitamins in a day?
How can I learn to play the piano?
Can you give me a recipe for pumpkin pie?
Why did the actor who plays George O'Malley on Grey's Anatomy leave the show?
Are perms safe for your hair?
Does wheat have more Carbs than rice?
how can i display my awards?
What is Canadian Thanksgiving?
I want to stop smoking but I don't know how. can you help me
I want to hang up Christmas Lights outside this year, but don't know how to get started. What do I need to know?
I wanna figure out if I should own a front load washer or a top load washer. Can you describe the similarities and differences of them?
Can you give me a recipe for minced pies?
Why do men and women have different clothes sizes?
I have family coming over for Thanksgiving tomorrow but I have no idea what to cook for them. Can you give me some easy Thanksgiving recipes that don't require a lot of prep and can be made in a small apartment?
what kind of smoke detector should i install?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sizzling Sisig?
What year was the first color tv released in the United States?
At what age should kids get an allowance?
I want to make pancakes. Do you have a good recipe?
How do I keep my white shoes clean?
How do you translate a webpage to English in Google Chrome?
how do i make rice balls for kids?
Why is Philadelphia the City of Brotherly Love?
Search for sweet potato casserole recipe
I have a foot cramp.
How do you start a fire in a fireplace?
Would a video game designer be a fun career?
How do I take care of succulent plants?
What are the differences between jpg and png images?
Is going on a cruise a fun vacation?
What should I include in a thank you note?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Tunisian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lablabi?
How do I teach a child to sing to try out for a choir?
I heard a lot of nice things about Portugal. I want to visit the country. Do you know anything about Portugal?
How can I reduce the amount of hair that my dog sheds?
I want to find a movie to watch with my girlfriend
When did Jimi Hendrix die?
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
What can you tell me about Noah's Ark?
What are some fun things kids can decorate?
What is an alternator in a car?
I need a good children's museum near Norfolk VA
What is the Upper House related to the Legislative branch of the US Government?
I'm trying to figure out the best exercise I can do to help improve my cardio.
I need some vegan recipe ideas. I'm having some friends over and two have expressed they are now vegan.
Which game company developed the popular computer game Diablo II?
I'd like to visit Lapland one winter, and wondered what the best way to travel would be from the UK?
I'm trying to teach my son how to ride a 2 wheel bike.
I'd like to explore some different music. What are some of the more popular hits from the band, the Eagles?
I wonder if people buy music on CDs anymore. It seems the majority of music I own these days, was purchased digitally.
How do I make an outdoor photo less bright using editing software?
Can you give me a recipe for how to make homemade stuffed crust pizza?
I'm trying to teach a two year old to drink from a real glass (not a bottle), how should I do it
What is the best way to bring a fever down?
I want to go to Portugal. Is there a direct flight from Dallas?
I want to know more about Steve Jobs. Can you tell me about him?
How do you take your coffee?
I'm thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet soon, can you go over some general care information?
Can anyone learn how to ski?
Can you give me a list of oil with high smoke point?
What is a zoom call?
Why did ancient Egyptians store the organs of the dead, when they mummified their bodies?
How do I get my four year old child to sleep in her own bed?
What causes earthquakes?
What should you write in a baby shower book?
Why does my exhaust pipe smell so bad?
How do I start a coin collection?
Who were the most famous baseball players?
how do i make cement stepping stones?
How do I know I am a hoarder?
Can you recommend a fun superhero show to watch with my nephew?
Which city should I visit when traveling to Australia?
Should a baby go to the dentist?
It was suggested to me to see a therapist. How does someone know it's the right time to see a therapist?
Hi, I'd like to start brewing my own mead. Can you explain all the steps and equipment needed to do that?
I'm trying to find the safest neighborhood to buy a house in, in Richmond, Virginia.
Are there any delays on planes coming into JFK?
Search for an apple crumb pie recipe
What do the different karats of gold mean?
what are some fun accessories i can buy a little girl?
What is the biggest planet in the solar system?
What can I do with leftover coffee grounds?
What are some options I have if my leg gets amputated?
So a murderer is in jail and we find out that his organs could save five separate people. Should we kill the murderer?
How can I improve my dating profile?
Do you know which streaming service has the show Family Guy?
Why do I see some houses with really steep roofs and some that are almost flat?
I'm looking to get a new dog. Can you help me decide on a breed?
How can I start to get over a bad break up?
I am in the mood for Chinese food, but takeout is too expensive. What are some Chinese-inspired meals I can make at home?
Are beeswax wraps a decent alternative to plastic wrap?
How heavy can a carry-on bag be on domestic flights?
How do you switch to dark mode in Win 10?
A friend returned from a vacation in Italy a while back. She had all kinds of artisan glass. Does Italy have a specialty in glass art?
What are some interesting enchilada styles I can make?
How do I get a splinter out of a dog's toe?
My indoor cat got outside the other day. I'm worried he might have gotten bit and has rabies. How common is this, and how do I tell?
How do I teach my child Spanich?
What is Oracle?
Was thinking about picking up a new book. Cheryl Strayed is a pretty popular author these days. Do you know any of her books?
How can I store stuffed animals?
What can you tell me about the French revolution
What are some vegetarian meal options that are easy to make?
What are some alternative gatherings I can do for Thanksgiving besides gathering at a house?
Can you help me learn more about the Korean DMZ Conflict?
I'm planning on investing on cryptocurrency, what type of cryptocurrency is the best these days?
Can you tell me about the Legend of Bigfoot
Hi, I hear the Beatles are important to the history of pop music. Can you give me some suggestions for their best albums, and songs, that I could put on a playlist that might help me familiarize myself with their work?
I just adopted a new kitten but I'm worried about introducing her to my existing cat. Do you have any advice?
How can I make panettone?
What are good ways to keep flies away from the outdoor trash can?
I need help disabling the shutter volume on my iPhone camera. Do you know where I can access that?
What is the process to register a newly purchased used vehicle with the DMV?
Is is true that fossils are not actual bones?
what can i do if my kids want an allowance but i cannot afford it?
I was recently driving when I got a flat tire. I had to wait for a serviceman to come to fix the flat tire. I would like to learn how to fix a tire myself. Can you guide me on the steps to fixing a flat myself?
Is it possible to get too many vitamins? Can you overdose if you take lots of vitamin C or D supplements?
Why can't salt water fish live in fresh water fish tanks?
What are the best books by John Updike?
I'm planning a trip to Boston, MA. Can you tell me some of the popular attractions and landmarks?
How do you cook spaghetti squash
How do I make homemade baked beans?
What is the worst way to die?
How do I make an organized essay for my history class?
Can you give me directions for storing uncooked beef in the freezer?
How can I pickle green tomatoes?
A big storm is coming. How do I prepare and protect my house?
I'd like to learn to say some weather terms in another language.
How do I develop a poker face?
At what age should people start saving for retirement?
How can I explain algebra to my son?
Is butter able to be frozen? I was gifted more than I can use in a short amount of time.
Can you tell me some facts about Oslo, Norway?
Hi, I just graduated from high school, and my lifelong dream is to become an astronaut. What do I need to do going forward, to make that happen?
I'm thinking about purchasing an electric vehicle. Could you please tell me some of the pros and cons of owning one?
I just moved to a new country and want to know, how do I learn a new language quickly?
What are traffic conditions like today in this area?
What is Microsoft Office?
What is a good first instrument for kids?
how do i care for a turtle?
I am trying to get a better understanding of cryptocurrency. Do you know how it works?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for chimichurri?
Can you tell me about healthy oils that I can cook with?
How do I do a Batman themed party?
How do I play darts and what are the rules?
What are instruction for making a helium balloon for a party?
Do kids need a chickenpox vaccine?
What year was the Nintendo 64 invented?
I need another water heater. Is a bigger one more efficient than a smaller one?
What can you tell me about the bail bondsman occupation?
Find a recipe for peanut butter bars
Should I let my dog sleep on the bed or put the dog in a crate overnight?
Can you help me pick a movie to watch tonight?
How do I get diagnosed with lupus?
How do I train for as weight lifting competition?
Is there much of a difference in taste if I make my steak on the stove as opposed to a grill?
what are romantic things to do in the outdoors?
What is the difference between incandescent and LED light bulbs?
What kind of foods were eaten in Ancient Egypt?
I'm trying to learn more about Natalie Wood. I saw her movie, the West Side Story last weekend. I enjoyed it very much.
Are you familiar with AC/DC rock band?
I don't feel like supporting my football team because they lost but I know I should. What should I do?
Can you recommend some newish single player FPS games for me to play?
Can you list books I could read to learn about the industrial revolution
Do you know why humans cannot digest corn?
How do you check how much free space you have on a particular hard drive in Win 10?
What's the best way to choose gifts?
How can I get rid of weeds in my lawn?
I heard of a copycat recipe for Olive Garden's Fettucini Alfredo. Can you help me find it?
How do I teach a child to sing to try out for a choir?
What can you tell me about the Origins of the thanksgiving holiday
How do I go back to school?
Can you tell me which states in the US have the highest minimum wage?
getting another blood test this week for low platelet and white cell count
I'd like to watch some cool samurai movies. Do you have any recommendations?
What do I do if my alarm doesn't wake me up?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Cah Kangkung?
I want to visit Tennessee. Do you happen to know what are the general attractions there?
How do I get rid of lice naturally?
Should we raise the minimum wage in the US to something people can live comfortably on?
What can I use a vacuum for in my house?
List the top topics discussed during political debates.
What are some different types of foods that I can put in a dehydrator?
What is the oldest tree in the world?
I'm trying to figure out the best way to take care of a steam burn
I got a bad sunburn. What can I do?
Do you think you can help with some questions about how to save more money?
How do I cook scallops?
I need some recommendations on easy Christmas gifts for the family.
How do I fix a broken speedometer?
How do cameras work? I don't understand how a picture can be taken.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lativian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Aukstā Gaļa?
Any tips on how to revise something you wrote?
what are some places to go in java, indonesia?
Would you be able to provide a copy cat recipe for Girl scout samoas cookies?
I live in Florida and I saw a crocodile in my backyard. What do I do?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Rolex?
How can I shoot an arrow with a bow?
How do I train a monkey to be calm?
Whats the average temperature for Maine in August?
How does a cloud fill up with water?
When was Verizon established?
Is it okay for my rabbit to eat good vegetables?
Now I am seeing parents complaining about their kids having to wear masks to school. Why is it such a big deal to them?
Can you explain the process that Reddit uses when closing a sub-Reddit for violating community guidelines?
I have a hard time ever feeling like I've disappointed someone. Because of this, I agree to almost anything someone asks of me—to go somewhere I really am not interested in, to help out with something I don't have time for, to loan money when I can't afford it, that sort of thing. How do I say "no" without feeling terrible about doing so?
My husband just divorced me. How can I get over my broken heart?
I just mailed a package and I'd like to track its progress en route to its destination. Can you help walk me through that process?
Please identify the top 5 rarest animals in the world.
What is a TBI?
How do I chop down a tree safely?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Lefse?
How does the Big Mac Index work and can it possibly be accurate?
Is there such thing as bar etiquette, and if so, can you guide me on how one should behave at a bar?
How can I bowl a strike in bowling?
What are some etiquette culture tips that you know of when traveling to Japan?
Do all cacti produce edible fruit for humans?
How can I tell if my vision is getting worse?
How do you build a robot?
What is the most popular sport in the United States?
How long should I bake a cake?
I'm learning about inherited traits versus learned characteristics in dogs. Can you tell me the difference between the two concepts?
What are some accessories for baby dolls I can buy?
Can you tell me how hone air conditioners work?
Where can I find a one-armed bandit?
I'd like to learn a new language, something challenging. I'm a native English speaker, but I don't know which language to choose.
What are some places I can ride a luxury train?
I am thinking of starting a business but I am unsure what to do. What 3 business ideas would you suggest? and why?
How do you contour the makeup on your face?
How can I clean a saxophone mouthpiece?
At what age do men start to lose testosterone?
I'm trying to gather information on Rocco's Basilisk for a presentation. What can you tell me about that?
I'm writing a paper on the effects of drinking on the human brain. Can you give me more information on what those effects are?
What can I see in Los Angeles? Is it far away from Hollywood?
Best way to find promo codes on the internet?
What are some good Mario games for Nintendo 64?
Can you help me find cocktail recipes that specifically include citrus?
How do you change the duration of inactivity before a monitor turn off in Windows 10?
Birds are so cool. I wonder how they got the ability to fly the way do? Some can fly for days non-stop.
How do I make sourdough starter?
I have recently moved to a new city and I don't know any people. How can I meet new people and make some friends?
How do I care for an iguana?
How do I make pretzels?
What is an EIN?
Can you teach me ways to control my anger? I find myself blowing off at the handle a lot.
I feel like I've been spending too much time browsing online. How can I cut back on my internet time?
What are the side effects of liposuction?
What were piano strings made out of in historical times?
What are some beginner tips for taking good pictures?
Have we discovered any kind of life on another planet yet?
What are some good Pixar films?
How can I stay cool in the summer?
Who was Lazarus?
I would like to know what "critical race theory" is?
What are ways one can protect themselves from identity theft?
Can you help me put together a research paper on the history of conspiracy theories?
How do I plant a tree?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Gua Bao?
How do I learn new slang?
Where is NATO's headquarters?
Can you find out how to determine my life insurance rate?
How do I say a prayer at a funeral?
When was the Yankee Stadium built?
What is the Midas touch?
Is there a limit to how high we can build a skyscraper building?
I'm taking a trip to Paris and want to see the popular landmarks and attractions. What are they?
I need to learn some basic French words. Can you help me?
I need to do a factory reset on the computer. Can you help me figure out the steps I must take? It's a Surface Go.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Muufo?
What is the keyboard shortcut to send the screen back to desktop in Win 10?
Are reward charts good for kids?
Is Australia a nice country to visit?
I'm trying to learn more about the popular game fortnite.
Do you like stories?
How can I grow lavender from a cutting?
What are the reasons cats need whiskers? I remember reading that they are useful for getting into small places.
What are some animals that I can see in a petting zoo?
What is mono?
What kind of foods can I give to my pet bunny
What's the best way to clean a pair of leather Reebok sneakers?
What is the proper way to do a handshake?
What are some movies with Julia Roberts?
Do you think you can teach me a bit about ice wine?
Can I grow tomatoes in my backyard?
can albuterol help with pneumonia?
Is there a difference in enlisting in the Army vs. the Navy?
What supply should you keep in a car for road side emergency?
How do you make cranberry sauce?
What food are best for increasing ones alertness?
Can you tell me about the flavor of oregeno?
what are some good ways to prepare carrots?
What kind of foods should I feed my pet turtle?
Do you possess recipes for cocktail drinks?
What is incognito mode in Chrome?
How can I sew a straight line?
I want to make oatmeal cookies. I would like to add chocolate chips and raisins. Can you help me?
How do I install a tree swing?
How do you use a fire extinguisher?
If I like music by Fiona Apple, what other artists would I like?
how can i cheer up a baby who misses his parents?
what do i do at work when someone makes a racist joke?
Can you recommend an album by a female vocalist?
should i continue flossing if it makes my mouth bleed?
How many episodes did the TV show "Friends" have?
How do I teach my child long division?
What do you know about critical race theory? Where did it originate?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Boulets?
What are some popular foods in Japanese culture?
Hi, I've spotted a couple of mice in my house. How do I get rid of them?
What is a deep tissue massage
Can you help me find a dog breed that's child friendly?
What kind of multi-vitamins should a woman take?
How do I get a child interested in STEM?
Did Google Corp change its name to something else?
Can you help me find what size snowboard I need?
What is the temperature range in Washington DC at this time of year?
what sort of car can i get for a family of six?
What is an ingrown toenail?
Where is the US President's office?
Where did the statue of liberty come from?
I'm coming up on my 10th anniversary with my husband. Can you tell me what the traditional gift is?
How do I caramelize onions?
What are some ways that I can get rid of "love handles"?
I'm throwing a holiday party. What are some festive cocktails and other drinks I can serve my guests?
How long should you defrost a turkey?
What do I do if I feel jittery when drinking coffee?
What is the process for applying for a personal short term loan?
Which items should I keep in a first aid kit?
Should children eat spicy foods?
what is the reason for the Antarctic Treaty?
What kind of books do you think an eleven year old girl would like?
Why do human beings still have remains of tails in our skeletal system?
What food can I take to an office party?
I want to make a chocolate fudge cake. Do you have a good recipe?
What Year was Duke Nukem 3D released?
How do I clean faux suede?
Did Durer ever see a rhinoceros in real life?
how can I learn guitar for beginners
Are outdoor cameras good at catching thieves?
what birthday present can I get for a girl who loves faries?
Potatoes were on sale this week, so I bought a lot. What are some ways I can cook the potatoes?
How do narcissists become that way?
What is there to do at Emerald Bay State Park?
when was the first Alienware computer released?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Moussaka?
What can cause tooth pain
How do I iron clothes?
Why do people's farts stink?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Buko Pie?
What is something I should be eating everyday?
Find Dwayne Johnson movies
What are tips to win on ebay?
Does France have free healthcare?
I'm trying to learn about the difference between yoga and pilates.
Help! My dog got sprayed by a skunk!
Why did he stop talking to me
Can you help me to figure out how to budget?
Who is the top country singer right now?
How to shampoo carpet
Can you name all the Disney parks and resorts in the United States?
What can I do to achieve healthier skin, hair and nails?
How do I make amends with someone?
I moved in to a new place that has an old grill that is a bit dirty. What are some ways I can clean this?
How do I make a safe space for a baby to crawl?
Get a recipe for peanut butter fudge
what are the effects of stress on the body?
How do you put grease into a grease fitting?
Can you recommend some superhero TV shows to me?
What are some ideas to decorate a pumpkin for toddlers?
What happens if a nuclear power plant has an explosion?
I am having an issue with ants in my kitchen. Do you have any advice for getting rid of them?
i need a recipe for creamed corn that is easy
When I was a kid I was read Uncle Remus stories, such as Br'er Rabbit. Nowadays those stories aren't considered appropriate for children anymore. Why is that?
What should you pack in a hospital bag?
teach my child good manners at the age of three
How can I find if I am eligible for free government health care based on my income?
How can you get weather on your phone?
I'm feeling a little funny right now. Can you help me figure out what's going on?
What are some games I might like if I like Super Mario?
Can you explain the difference between a really expensive lawyer and a public defender? How much better is an expensive lawyer, and why?
Pulp Fiction is a great movie, although it has problems too. I'd love to discuss how it was formed, and directed.
Why did my dog get sick from eating turkey
What is a compost pile?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Georgian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Charkhlis Chogi?
Who is the best Wonder Woman portrayer
How can I get my little brother to stop bothering me all the time?
I want to get better at playing chess. Any tips?
I want to know the history of Broadway theatre. Can you help me?
I'm trying to learn a few common words in Mandarin. Can you help me?
Whats the best way to remove facial hair
There are a lot of Star War fans in the United States. What are Star Wars fans called?
How do I install a wired fence in my backyard?
What is a good salsa recipe using chiltepines?
How do I make squash soup?
Is an immersion environment good to learn a new language?
Can you tell me how to find the correct tire pressure for my tires?
Can you give me a list of the most nutritious vegetable?
I'm unsure of where to invest my money. I know very little about stocks but might be interested in learning more about them. Can you direct me on where to begin?
How can I have fresh breath naturally?
What is there to do at Point Lobos State Natural Reserve?
What is the highest resolution computer monitor available on the market right now?
Where could I go to find a pet sitter
What are some clothes I should buy my daughter to go to see snow?
My leg is swollen. What could be wrong?
What were the first things man learned to make alcohol out of?
What is a tart?
I'm trying to find ways to get healthier! I'm specifically looking to eat more vitamins. What should I eat?
Should you use a cash back credit card?
I wonder if a daily cup of coffee, is healthier overall, than avoiding coffee all together?
I need help with a task!
I want to know more about Ernest Hemingway. Please tell me what you know about him.
I want to play basket ball but would like to know what skills do I need to have?
What's the origin of the phrase "to get ones goat"?
What does a barrel of oil mean when we talk about gas prices? Is oil actually kept in barrels?
I have a flat tyre and was joping you could give me some advice on what to do
What are good activities for team building?
Where do watermelons come from?
I want to know what companies use animal logos.
What is the best way to fold a fitted sheet for my bed?
Where does the Indian river start?
I need to teach a child the meaning of exponential notation
How many monitors can I have at one time connected to my computer
I need to do a factory reset on the computer. Can you help me figure out the steps I must take? It's a Surface Go.
I have been a Microsoft Windows user for many years. I am about to make a new PC purchase and I'm considering switching to Apple, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea. Should I make the jump or is it better to go with the "devil I know"?
What do I do about a dry cough?
I'm thinking about building a structure with bricks. I've been considering the grout. What types of grout are there? I wonder if one's better than the other.
Could you teach me a bit about the company Twitter and it's history?
How can I spend less time on the internet?
How do you make a banana split?
What should I do if I see a snake?
What is the least expensive way to heat your home?
Does fish oil have any benefits?
How can I grow my own onions inside?
Have there been any studies done on the health benefits of prayer?
Can dogs eat eggs?
When is the best time of year to buy a new TV?
Who is Lady Gaga?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Tharid?
How do I teach my girls to brush their hair?
How are diamonds mined?
My friend, a Muslim, went to Mecca last year. What is Mecca?
I'm trying to find the best app to help me recover bank overdraft fees.
I want to learn a new language. Do you have any tips for getting started?
What is there to do at Crystal Cove state park?
WHat is Pink's real name?
How does a camera capture images?
How do I return an item to Amazon that I got delivered?
How can you make bowling fun for the kids?
How should I get a job with the ongoing pandemic? I think I'd prefer not to work at home, say on a computer, but rather in a science field performing lab work. But with the pandemic, there is much more exposure working out rather than working from home.
How do I kidnap someone?
How do I become a hair stylist?
Hi, I have to find the edge length of an octagonal prism for my math homework. Can you explain how that's done?
I wanna start working out. What are the best exercises to start with?
Do you have any tips on learning HTML.
Should you take you dog for a ride in the car?
I need to bake a batch of chocolate chip cookies. Do you have a recipe you can walk me through?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Saudi dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Hininy?
Can you give me details on what's covered on a DMV driving test, when getting your license?
Can you tell me more about the origin of Krampus?
How do I develop a poker face?
I'm planning on an overseas vacation I'll be taking next year. I don't want to go somewhere super cliche like France or the UK or anything. Are there any smaller countries you think might be worth considering?
What are some singer-songwriters who are similar to Ingrid Michaelson?
What is the exchange rate of the British pound to the US dollar?
Does a vegan diet have enough nutrients to be healthy for you?
What are some strategies for winning at blackjack?
I just bought the new Jurassic World Evolution 2 game for the PS5 but it didn't come with the manual. Can you help me locate the manual for this game?
What are some tourist attractions that I can visit in Ireland?
I'm trying to find the safest neighborhood to buy a house in, in Richmond, Virginia.
How do I put together a charcuterie board?
I put a bird feeder in the yard, but birds have not found it yet. How do I help them find it?
What are some fun activities to do with older adults?
What is an API?
I overheard the term "Schrodinger's cat" being used and I'm not sure I know what it is. Can you explain it to me?
How can I get my children to get along better?
Can you teach me an easy way to remember prime numbers?
What is the FBI?
Which books are similar to On the Road by Jack Kerouac?
What is a Martini?
Can you tell me how to make soup?
How can I keep mosquitoes and other insects from biting without using repellent with chemicals on my skin?
Please tell me the history of Apple Inc.
How do I get a learners permit for driving a vehicle in the US?
Can you give some examples of mobile phone brands?
Is a CPA a good career?
When does ice hockey season start?
I am having an issue with ants in my kitchen. Do you have any advice for getting rid of them?
Can you use those big storage bags to bring freezer foods home from the store?
What are some good ways to make slime?
Can you help me learn more about President Calvin Coolidge?
I'm trying to learn more about eye ulcers in dogs
Who was the first pope?
Where is the highest ferris wheel?
What sleeping position is better for people with lower back pain?
What are the best calorie burning exercises?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Sardinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Porcetto Arrosto?
What is the process for refinancing a home?
How long does it take to cook a whole turkey?
I want to put together a classic Italian dinner. What types of dishes should I include?
Do you need an emergency food supply?
What is the number one candy bar in the US?
What are some cool things to do in Cincinnati ohio?
Is English spoken in a lot of countries in the world?
Who was the originator of the science fiction novel?
Why do people in the US only use cows milk instead of animals that have milk?
Hi, I live in Florida, and I'd like to try fresh water fishing at one of the numerous canals we have here. Can you tell me what kind of equipment I'll need, what bait I should use, and what techniques to try, to catch a bunch of fish?
Can you explain how League Of Legends works?
What over the counter medication should I take for indigestion?
how do i get rid of mosquito bite itch?
Hi, I'd like to whip up some brownies. Can you give me a recipe for that?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Lebanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe Tabbouleh?
What are pros and cons of wearing sandals?
Who are the top five most loved kings or queens throughout history?
What are good vegetables to have on the side of my chicken wings?
how do i know if my child is ready for a sibling?
Hi, my girlfriend complains that I never buy her flowers, and I'd like to get her some that will really impress her. Can you give me some tips about what kind, and arrangement, I should buy?
What Were the Most Important Events in American History?
Do you know any knock-knock jokes
How can I tell if produce has gone bad?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Vetkoek?
What is the best way to search for a job?
What are some classic songs to learn like twinkle twinkle?
what are some good star wars quotes?
I’m looking for a new crockpot recipe.
What is Grand Canyon? Why is it so well known?
how do i make shepherd's pie?
What are the reasons cats need whiskers? I remember reading that they are useful for getting into small places.
Are keyboard controls or a game controller better for PC gaming?
Could you recommend me some bands that are similar to Cold Play?
What is the CDC?
How can I train myself to run longer distances?
How many meals should I eat per day to lose weight?
What are some fun and unique things to do in Hawaii?
What is diabetes type 2?
what do you think is going to be the next big thing
What are good ideas for an emoji themed birthday party?
What is Hot Topic?
Find a tandoori chicken recipe
How do I properly nail something to do the wall?
is saline solution useful for when i'm sick?
How does a rock transform into a crystal?
New Years Eve is coming up. What are some good traditions for a New Years Eve Party?
How can I make my elbows less dry and rough?
How can I help a picky eater enjoy meat and poultry?
Do you think you can teach me how to jump start a car in case I am ever in an emergency?
How many votes are needed in the Electoral College to become President?
How do I cook red cabbage?
put down a wood floor in my living room
Hello, I am trying to discover some interesting places to go in Sydney, Australia
Which foods have a long shelf life?
What can you tell me about the life of Andy Warhol
How does Google Shopping work?
What is the best choice you ever made
What is the maximum amount of soda I should drink a day?
With the advent of better safety devices required in cars, are roadway fatalities going down in the USA?
What is the US Navy?
What is a good age for kids to learn to cook?
What is a good oral care routine?
I need to figure out how to get to California from Iowa and I am a bit navigationally challenged. Can you help?
Can you give me instructions for playing the card game Rummy?
I need a good book recommendation
How do I know if my vision is getting worse?
Can you help me find out which plants are easy to take care of and have a nice scent?
What is a fun weekend activity for a family with kids?
How do I make sushi at home?
How do I get a baby to keep his shoes on?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Belgium dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Oliebollen?
How can I make a good sandcastle?
I want to dress up as a clown for Halloween. What do I need for my costume?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ukrainian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Paska?
How do I check for lice?
Can you explain the folklore of Baba Yaga?
Can I tame a wolf?
Can you tell me the details of how a modern computer processor works?
Can you explain to me how the internet works?
Why does my tap water stink?
how can I learn java script
Can you give me advice on how to bake a cake?
How do you make jello shots?
Can you tell me the general guideline of cooking a whole fish?
Can you tell me a good hiking trail that has good views of the Grand Canyon?
Why are so many stores closed on Sundays? Is it a religious reason?
I have never seen the movie Titanic. Is it worth seeing?
Find Eminem songs that are popular
What is the proper way to stuff a turkey?
I've been invited to a potluck for the first time. I don't know what to bring. What are popular potluck dishes?
How does a sump pump work?
How many meals should I eat per day to lose weight?
What are Siamese twins?
Search for a cranberry bundt cake
Is it important to attend University of College after school?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Hong Kong dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dan Dan Noodles?
Why are some people allowed to amass so much money?
What do I do about a runny nose?
My knees are starting to swell due to injuries I'm getting hiking and climbing up very steep mountainous terrain. What can I do to prevent injuries moving forward?
Is a sinus infection contagious?
I'm trying to learn about the salam witch trials
What is better for your back, sleeping on a spring mattress, or a synthetic ones, like the Purple Mattress?
Tell me about smallpox.
When did Cabbage Patch dolls come out?
Who was the best basketball player?
I have a mild cold with a persistent cough and sore throat. How can I ease my symptoms?
What are some cool things to do in Cincinnati ohio?
How healthy is eating pasta on a regular basis? I've heard it's mostly bad carbs.
How do I ease a mosquito bite?
How do you plant a garden?
How can I reduce my carbon footprint?
How do you take your coffee?
What is a Philly Cheesesteak?
Ketchup seems to be such a prolific condiment. When did it become popular, and who produced it?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Somali dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Basbousa?
What is the difference between a KN95 mask and an N95 mask?
I'm having an issue with my cats fighting. Can you help?
Should I pick a doctor or a nurse practitioner?
What are good places to visit in Atlanta, GA?
How do you make cheesecake?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn a few words. Can you help?
Is pumpkin puree, a very good thing to supplement in your diet nutritionally?
Is it better to buy a bounce house or to rent one?
What does statute of limitations mean?
How can I become less anxious?
Since Corona Virus came around recently, why are theirs so many conspiracies about how it happened and about the vaccine
Is Paul McCartney alive?
What safety tips are good to teach a kid that is going to a concert without parent supervision?
Is the golden retriever a good dog breed?
What gears do you need for rock climbing?
How should I store jewelry?
How many satellites are currently above Earth?
Was Hitler really responsible for the Volkswagen Beetle?
Do you have any tips for how to get rid of blackheads?
Which books do you recommend for children learning to read?
Are gun with gun black finishes more likely to rust than the stainless steel finish?
How do I tell my kid not to lie?
There are so many sneaker manufacturers. Which one is the most successful in terms of wealth?
It's supposed to be a really snowy winter. Can you help me pick out good boots to buy so I won't slip on the ice or snow?
I am trying to incorporate more fruits and vegetables into my life. Do you have any advice?
What are Lady Gaga's best songs?
What can I bring my friend for a housewarming party?
Should I wear a mask inside even if I am vaccinated?
I'm looking to hunt wild turkey this year and could use some information.
I think my cat is bored. Are there any games or toys that will keep it occupied?
How do I finish a puzzle quickly?
Should I get a rabbit or a cat?
Is pumpkin pie hard to make at home yourself?
Can you tell me the steps of repairing a small crack in concrete?
How do you repel cockroaches naturally?
I'm trying to teach my child multiplication but I am not sure how to do it.
What are some common socket sizes in metric?
How can I prepare a corn cocktail Mexican style?
How far out do seagulls get from land?
I use to play Kick the can when I was young can you go over the rules of that game for me
When did the pilgrims arrive in the United States?
How many letters are in the English alphabet
What are ways I can remove a stripped screw?
Who colonized South America?
How do I make a balloon arch?
I got a new pet bearded dragon and I need some information on pet care.
I need help making a decision, can you help me?
What is a good recipe for Key Lime Pie?
I'm looking to upgrade my skincare routine. Can you tell me the different products I need to care for my facial skin?
At what age should I allow my child to redecorate their room?
How do I powdered sugar at home?
My brother-in-law recommended using a VPN on my browser? What does this mean?
What are some good ways to organize shoes?
How can I get better at bowling?
what are some good iced teas?
I want to learn about the executive branch of the US government.
I wonder which car manufacturer has the most reliable cars?
I'm interested in getting involved in volunteering programs, can you recommend some?
I'm entering a beauty pageant and I'm required to have a talent. I need help figuring out what to do. Which ones are popular and what talent would be unique for a beauty pageant?
The Great Sphinx of Giza, is one of the most famous sculptures in the world. Who created it, and what's the history of that sculpture?
How do draw a dog?
What year did the first set of Magic the Gathering cards release?
I'd like to learn a new language, something challenging. I'm a native English speaker, but I don't know which language to choose.
Can you tell me how to find out if a real estate property is in a designated flood plain?
how can i motivate my kids to study more now that they are in virtual school?
I am not a religious person, but I'd like to be. How can I explore different faiths and traditions to find one that is right for me?
Should I choose a real or fake Christmas tree?
What is companion planting?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Israeli dishes. Can you give me a recipe Cheese Sambusak?
What is the country of Japan well-known for? I need some information on basic accomplishments, feats, or cultural information.
how do i think of a nickname for my friend?
What size trampoline should I get for my ten year old twins?
is spanking acceptable?
How do I make a bonfire in my backyard?
How do you get a child to do homework?
What is the temperature that beef needs to be cooked to before eating?
How should one go about telling a child that santa claus is not real?
what are some good ways to prepare carrots?
How do I know if a girl I am dating wants to hold hands with me?
What are some cute tattoo designs?
Why is Pluto no longer considered a planet?
How do I increase my vocabulary?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ugandan dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chickennat?
Do elephants speak their own language like people do?
Beethoven always produced such complex works. I'm curious about his origins, where he was born and grew up.
I'm sick and am having chills. What can I do?
How can I adjust water pH?
What are some snacks to bring on a road trip?
Can you help me say some food words in Spanish?
Is Veteran's Day a federal holiday?
Can you tell me the steps on sanitizing a kitchen countertop?
What is renters insurance?
Can you teach me how to get a motorcycle license?
Should I let my daughter play with barbie?
How do I keep a baby's teeth clean?
My dog has been scratching a lot, but he doesn't have any fleas. What else could be causing this?
What are 2nd amendment rights
What are ancho chilis?
how do i know if i'm allergic to peanut butter?
What is the correct way to write a check?
I am going on vacation soon.
I'm looking for a good new pop song. Can you recommend any?
Can you give me a list of oil with high smoke point?
What does getting acquitted mean?
How can I tell if a friend is depressed?
Find Erica Elianiak films
what was the number one song for March 1966
I am away from home at the moment and feeling very homesick, any advice you can give me to feel better?
What are some low maintenance pets that are easy to take care of?
What are some superheroes who transform?
Can I save dried out nail polish?
What does declaring bankruptcy do to someone's finances and credit score?
How is an individual species classified from others?
How do I get a food vendor permit in San Francisco?
What are some nice wood toys for a toddler?
What are some health topics to write about?
How is maple syrup made?
How can the heart be strong enough to pump blood up your legs against gravity?
I want to become a requester on Mturk platform. How do I go about it?
What are some tools I can use to sketch on an ipad?
Can you recommend me a couple vegan friendly dinner dishes?
I'm trying to learn a new language. Do you recommend any languages that are easy to learn?
I am trying to learn Excel but I am struggling to comprehend all the formulas. Is there a better way of learning this software?
Can you provide me with a recipe for a non alcoholic drink for Thanksgiving dinner?
Hi, I'm in the mood for a Denver omelet. Can you give me a recipe for one?
Can you tell me about pre-diabetes? Does this mean I am going to have diabetes soon, or can I still be ok?
What is incorrect about this sentence: The boy running past the library too quickly.
What is the proper way to spell "separate?
Can you give me a recipe for scones?
Can you tell me how much the price of oil has changed over the last 30 years?
I'm trying to find out what the most dangerous shark is. Can you help?
My friend gave me a nice bottle of tequila for my birthday, what are some good ways to mix or drink?
What can I do to make my PC run faster?
I am baking pumpkin muffins for thanksgiving this year. Do you have any tips or advice on how to make them come out well?
What skills do I need to be a bartender?
How should I properly dispose of baby diapers?
Is this year supposed to have an El Nino weather pattern?
I use a lot of cinnamon and was wondering if it's possible to grow my own?
Is a Rottweiler a good pet?
Where is the Island of Bali?
Can you help me find the right oil filter for my car?
Is it possible to go from black hair to blonde hair with hair dye?
Find Cardi B songs
What is the proportion of lemons to water when making lemonade
I am bored with the restaurants I go to. Can you help me find an interesting type of cuisine to try?
How do I learn to play chess?
How long do blue whales nurture their young?
What are some good patriotic songs to learn?
Can you help me find a Christmas movie?
Hi, I'd like to start doing dumbbell flies to work on my chest. Can you explain how the exercise is performed?
How do you sing karaoke?
I'm trying to decide on where to get the ps5 for the best price
Search for action games for the Playstation 2.
What are some cool dinosaurs my kids might want to learn about?
What is bayalage
How can I make chow mein?
Why can't I get any TV channels with my antennae anymore?
How do you recycle an old CRT television that cannot be thrown out?
What things do I need to know to take care of a kitten?
Can I fly direct from ontario to san fransisco
How do I put up a fence in my backyard?
I want to throw a cocktail party for my friends. How would I go about doing that?
What are some fun things to collect in the forest?
How long should I take my dogs on a walk each day?
Should I plant trees around my home?
I want to make a nice steak dinner, but I don't know the difference between the various cuts of steak.
What are places I should visit in Nairobi?
Do you know of anything I can do to make firefox run faster?
How do I put air in tires?
How can I make organic pesticides?
What does it mean when my Shih Tzu has a reverse sneeze
Hi, I just purchased a ball python. What do I need to do, and buy, to care for it?
Can you tell me the directions for visiting Mount Rushmore?
When was Burger King Established?
How do you fully wash a car?
Can you help me learn some basic words in Welsh?
I just moved in to a new house that has a backyard fountain. Question now is how do I maintain so it does not turn green?
What if my toddler never wants to eat?
When did Jimi Hendrix die?
How do I train my dog to behave well around other dogs?
Do elephants speak their own language like people do?
what is a Boston cooler?
My daughter ripped up some of my cash. Can I still use it if I tape it back together? Is that legal?
How long does it take for bees to make their hive?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
I'm trying to lower my blood preasure.
I had a fight with a significant other recently and would like to patch things up. How would you suggest I approach doing this?
What does A1C mean?
Can you name the three major credit reporting bureaus?
What are the best items to buy at a yard sale?
What are the differences between a short sale for a home and a typical home sale?
What are some chips I can use for nachos?
The names of coffee drinks can be confusing. What are some general names for coffee drinks, like coffee with only milk infused?
How can I make gluten free peach cobbler?
What is the process of making ice cream?
Where could I find a vintage coke sign?
Is it better to buy a bounce house or to rent one?
How can I store cookie dough?
How do I remove a wasp nest?
Is accounting a good career choice?
What are some body weight exercises that I can do?
How do I make taco seasoning?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Argentinian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Matambre arrollado?
What are some alternative gatherings I can do for Thanksgiving besides gathering at a house?
When do holiday hours start at malls?
I am trying to clean out my closet and simplify my life. What are some good tips for downsizing one's wardrobe?
I'd like to make my own baby food.
How do you convert jpg files to png?
Who is starring in the latest production of "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway?
What's the most successful way to take something from a store without having to pay for it?
What are some items included in an MRE ration?
Please tell me the names of the two major parties in the United States.
When will 3g stop working?
I want to teach someone about PEMDAS. Can you describe PEMDAS to me?
Who does CCleaner do for your computer?
Do you think NASA's Voyager program will ever send back more pictures?
I'm entering a beauty pageant and I'm required to have a talent. I need help figuring out what to do. Which ones are popular and what talent would be unique for a beauty pageant?
what do i get for a kid who loves my little pony?
Do they still make record players?
What are some shows my child might like if they like paw patrol?
Can you help me figure out how to plant a tree?
How do I find out the minimum insurance coverage I need for a plan?
What kind of supplements should you take?
Is having an abortion immoral?
what are some vegetables to put in a potato salad?
In a list using semicolons, is there a semicolon before the word 'and'?
Hi, I'm having trouble touching my toes. Can you explain how to do that?
What is an associate degree?
Tell me who is the richest person in the world as of 2021.
Not sure what blood test results will be
How does the brain work?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Xiao Long Bao?
Is tennis easy to learn?
What date did the Titanic sink?
I'm trying to learn about the four spheres of the Earth. Can we start by you listing them and then we can further get into them?
How do I make chamomile tea?
how do I calculate 20% of 1,000?
What are the titles of some Christmas stories?
How long do you need to exercise before endorphins are released?
I'm trying to make money fast. Do you know any ways?
I'm trying to learn how to make Macarons, can you provide me with an easy to follow recipe?
I know a lot of fallacies should be avoided during argumentation. Can you explain why the straw man fallacy is problematic?
What other uses are there for Pumpkins besides pumpkin pie?
What does reasonable accommodation mean?
I took my car to be inspected and the mechanic told me it needed a new alternator. What is an alternator and what does it do?
How do I make Mexican ground beef?
Is the USPS actually mentioned in the Constitution?
How do I learn to use a saw?
I'm host a party for a bunch of people in their 30's tomorrow night. What are some of the best games we could play as a group?
What happens when I mix an acid with a base?
Do women like male strippers as much as men like female ones?
Can you use marshmallow to make cookies? My kids like mashmallow.
what is the information super highway
I'm trying to remember the name of my favorite disney movie
How do you house train a dog?
How do you load staples into a stapler?
Are there any reality shows that are real?
How can I become president of the United States
What is the best way to get rid of women's facial hair?
How can I hunt for ghosts?
When do Cyber Monday sales start?
How do I make my own homeschool curriculum?
How do you breakup with someone>
I'm interested in getting involved in volunteering programs, can you recommend some?
What is the correct way to write a check?
Explain antitrust law to me as if you were Bart Simpson talking to Lisa
Do you think you can help me learn how to build a fire pit?
I hear that survivalists recommend people build fires if they're ever lost in the woods. They say it's important not just for wamrth, but psychological reasons. Why do you think fire can make people feel better psychologically?
How can I keep my house cool without air conditioning?
Why did it take so long after the civil war to get rid of segregation?
what do i do if my baby has a cough?
Find a pecan sticky bun recipe
Which internet browser is the best?
What TV show was the most popular in 2020?
I've recently retired and want to get involved in something I can do from home as I'm getting a little bored. My neighbour has started trading forex online and says he makes good money doing very little. Is this something I could start doing too?
Do you know the main ingredients for a crunchy dragon sushi roll?
How long has the Macy's Thanksgiving day parade been going on?
Can you write a poem to cheer my friend up?
what are fun things for a teen to collect?
Is birth control safe?
Snoopy was a popular character on the Peanuts cartoon. Snoopy also had a couple characters he played. Can you think of a few?
I have never had a passport before. What us the process of getting one like?
What are some spicy Asian sauces?
Can you describe the Philippine Martial Law?
What are some fun crafts for a toddler?
How strong is titanium?
How do I stitch a small wound?
I'm moving to a new town for work. Any suggestions on how to make new friends as an adult?
Where are the best places to travel for cheap and within the United States?
What is an alternator in a car?
What year did the PlayStation 2 launch in North America?
How do I demonstrate affection to my teen?
What can I do if beans give me gas?
How do I stop my cat from getting hairballs?
Can you tell me what a computer 'bug' actually is?
I find myself dealing with insomnia quite often. Do you have any tips for dealing with insomnia?
How do I go back to school?
DO astronauts experience any problems later in life from their time in space?
How do I make a Mexican vegetable soup?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some South African dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Bobotie?
What is the best California Lottery to play if you want to win money?
Do horses get sad the same as humans do?
Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton collaborated on a few top 10 hits. Can you remember a few?
Would you be able to explain the differences between the Spanish and Italian language?
I'd like to learn how to say "sorry" in a few different languages. Can you help?
My dog is snoring
do dishes get cleaner washing by hand or in the dishwasher?
I already made the meatballs. I now need to make tomato-based spaghetti sauce. Do you have a good recipe?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Fried Bora?
What is the cheapest fuel you can use to heat your home in the winter?
What are some pretty princesses a five year old might enjoy?
how do i get my employees to be more productive?
Can you teach me some ways to remove the smell of cigarettes from my clothes?
What are some vegetables to use on pizza?
I'm going to Germany and need to learn some common food words. Can you help me?
How does the human body know where to grow things like hair and nails?
How much does the tooth fairy pay?
What happens if you eat under cooked turkey?
Can you tell me some cost estimates for getting a college degree in the US?
What is a PMR doctor
I need to write a resume. What is a employer looking for when they look at the resume for employment
What are some thoughtful mothers day phrases I can say to my mom?
I need to change a tire.
How can I clean a pearl necklace?
What is the deepest mine on the planet?
I want to refinish a dresser that is older
What is the best way to tell your friend you don't like her husband?
Are there any restrictions on Greyhound bus travel due to COVID-19?
Hi, I want to work on my hamstrings. Can you teach me how to do a stiff legged deadlift for that, with either a barbell or dumbbells?
How do you get a mirror finish on a pair of dress shoes?
how do i prevent the computer screen from hurting my eyes?
What are Jennifer Aniston's most popular movies?
What are some of the healthiest fish to eat?
how can i show appreciation for my doctor?
Can you tell me why there are so many wildfires in California? There seems to be dozens a year.
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Nigerian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chin chin?
What are places to visit in the USA if I like nature?
Can you teach me how to understand my internet speed data? What does 200 Mbps mean?
I am thinking about moving to New Zealand.
Can you suggest ways to keep my mind sharp as I get older?
Can you tell me about red dye in foods and why people say it is harmful?
Do you have any ideas on how to propose to a girlfriend?
How can I help a picky eater enjoy meat and poultry?
Can you help me find a pair of jogging pants that are breathable?
Do I need an ID when buying alcohol in the United States?
How do you know if you have strep throat?
How can I get my son to open up and make friends? He's at a new school and feels really awkward.
What can I do if I locked my car key inside my car?
How can you keep your immune system strong against covid?
What kind of fruits can I use to make a custard fruit tart?
I'm collecting information about important lunar events of the last five years. Can you name any eclipses that occurred between 2015 and 2020?
How long do horses live for?
I think I broke my big toe. What should I do to care for it?
Hello, I am trying to find a math tutor for my child
I've recently retired and want to get involved in something I can do from home as I'm getting a little bored. My neighbour has started trading forex online and says he makes good money doing very little. Is this something I could start doing too?
When writing about a smell, a scent, what are some good ways to communicate such?
How can I learn to become better at dealing with confrontation?
Can you recommend a good novel to read?
Is there a safe way to wash printed cups in the dishwasher?
Tell me about mammals that lay eggs.
I'd like to make food to freeze for the week. What are some meals that can be frozen for later?
I want to install a media player in my windows 10 computer. Which one is the best?
Should you buy life insurance?
My son has just gone to high school but he is really nervous. HOw can I help him>
What are basic tap dance steps
How do I teach my kids to be grateful for what they have?
Why is the Vietnam War considered a failed war?
What are good cheeses for red wine?
I heard that diesel trucks can just be left idling for as long as you want, while gas engines need to be shut off after a while?
If someone chooses to just not pay off their student loans, can they get in trouble? Can they be forced to pay them back?
What do I do if my dog is sprayed by a skunk?
Hi, my toilet is backed up. How can I unclog it?
What is a good first instrument for kids?
What is a good microphone to buy for a home recording?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Norwegian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Sveler?
How should I clean my laptop screen?
Any ideas for how to catch a fish without a fishing pole?
How can I find a job as a garbage man?
What are the most popular places to visit in New York City?
What should I know before I fly a drone?
How can I make homemade icing for a chocolate cake?
I'm really getting into video game speed running, can you tell me what the most popular speed run game is?
can i live for long with an enlarged heart?
What are some good food options that can be made in bulk?
I want to host a high school reunion. How can I do this?
i have a strange lump on my arm. what should i do?
what can i build for my hot wheels collection?
Can you help me find a restaurant in the Lower East Side NYC that tourists love?
How do I throw a curveball?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Ecuadorian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Chicharrón de Pescado?
How do you apply to college?
Are Eskimos related to native americans?
Search for a sweet potato recipe
What's the difference between AC and DC current?
How can I keep my passwords safe?
How do I make bacon crispy when it's cooked in a microwave?
I'm interested in getting a dog. What breed should I get?
should i commemorate the death of a loved one?
What are some ways that I can get better at the call of duty game? I play on a controller and find that my aim is not as good as I would like.
I'm trying to find a place to go hiking in Richmond Virginia
How do I lessen my double chin?
I'm trying to write a novel. Do you have any tips on how to organize my ideas and get started?
Is Hawaii a fun place to go on vacation?
Can you tell me the process for enlisting in the Navy?
What is Hashimoto's disease?
what are some fun family board games?
how do i get better at bar trivia?
I am trying to remove clumps or knots of hair from my cat's coat. What can I do to make this process easier for both them and me?
I want to make the most of Black Friday this year. How can I find the best sales and deals for Christmas shopping?
How can I learn how to speed read?
What was the first search engine of the internet?
How do I rotate the tires on my car?
I'm travelling to Portugal and need to learn how to say some common food words.
I won't be able to see my family this holiday season as I am still travelling around the world. I'd really like to send my niece and nephew some books on travelling as I would love for them to get the bug too. Do you have any good suggestions for pre-teens?
What are some recipes using M&Ms?
Search for a plum crisp recipe
Can you tell me about Karl Marx's philosophical views
I'm trying to figure out how long it would take to drive from Maryland to Kentucky by car. Can you help me out?
What are some ways that I can deal with nerves "in the moment"? I find myself getting so nervous that it clouds my judgement.
Why is Chernobyl still radioactive? Will anyone ever be able to live there again?
How do I make a safe space for a baby to crawl?
Is there any way to prevent bacon from sticking to the pan when cooking?
Do you have any good examples of non-commercial cleaning products?
Can you provide me with a recipe for how to make blood orange spritz?
Do you know which days of the year are dedicated to National food days? I want to take advantage of some of them.
I'm trying to make waffles using a waffle machine. I lost the recipe that came with the manual. Can you help me?
What is a good multi purpose tool?
How do I backup important computer files?
How can I protect myself from people taking advantage of me?
What are some common socket sizes in metric?
What are some fun activities for kids to do on Zoom with friends?
I want to learn what the differences in malbec and cabernet are
I love my partner very much, but he frustrates me sometimes. He often asks for my opinion about situations which are upsetting him—a conflict he's having at work or an issue with a stranger in the supermarket—and he seems to really want my advice. But if I disagree with his behavior or think the other person has a point, he blows up at me. If I'm on his side, he's fine. This isn't fair to me.
I am writing an essay on Henry VIII and need some pointers on where to start
How old do kids need to be before they don't need child car seats anymore?
What are the rules of Tennis?
What are some good modern opera singers?
how can i cut bangs?
Can you tell me what are common dishes a hand immersion blender is good for?
How can I make my own baguettes at home?
How can I play the trumpet?
What is better? ear buds or headphones?
What place in the USA has all of the seasons?
can i live for long with an enlarged heart?
What is the lightest wood?
How should I dress for a job interview?
How do I train to become a boxer?
Hi, I'd like to start including deep knee bends in my leg workout. Can you describe how to perform this exercise?
I would like some gift ideas on what to get my 4-year-old niece for christmas.
Is aluminum in deodorant harmful?
I was just given a pet hamster but I don't know how to care for it. Do you have any advice?
Can you tell me about bee safety?
Should you fill your gas tank in the winter?
How do I find the fees and interest rate for a credit card?
Can you recommend me some shows that are similar to the comedy Friends?
Is a higher octane gasoline better for your car?
I'm really into trading card collecting and want to find some more to collect. Do you know what the first trading card game was?
I'm trying to do a load of laundry for the first time. What are the steps I need to know to do my laundry?
What are some fun things to do in Las Vegas?
What can I do for Lunar new year?
Can you explain the rules of soccer to me?
Can you tell me if Nutria are native to North America?
Can you give me tips as to how I should engage with something that doesnt drink?
What can you tell me about the Civil war?
What is a good vacation destination that is rich in culture and traditions?
What are places to visit in Mississippi?
How do I get a great Christmas tree
I have a friend that is interested in attending mortuary school. Do you know the education and skills that are required to become a funeral director?
I need some information on how to lay tile in my bathroom
I've heard Elon Musk has his own Bitcoin type of currency. Is that right?
What is JavaScript?
how do i encourage a baby to sit up?
What is AAA?
What does a defense lawyer do?
I haven't clean my gutters in years. What are the consequences of this?
I'm trying to find a list of the most popular christmas songs
Best way to find promo codes on the internet?
What are perogies?
Can you explain the bystander effect to me? I don't really get it
I found out that I have a cockroach infestation, can you help me figure how to deal with getting rid of them?
Do you have some ideas for making hamburgers more unique such as spices and toppings?
I've thought of J. K. Rowling and her Harry Potter books. Which one was the best seller, and how wealthy is she?
If I can't pay my rent, how long can I stay until they throw me out?
At what age can a baby grasp items?
is there a way to stop my cat from shedding so much?
How do I cook mashed potatoes?
What do I do if my kids do not finish their dinner?
Find a nacho supreme recipe
I've seen a moose, in a popular sitcom. I've often wondered how big they really can get, and if they shed their horns annually?
I want to know how to make marinara sauce.
Does listening to music help your workout?
How can I be more confident?
How long does it take to travel from new york to california?
Can you help me with a paper I have to write about psychology and personality type?
can I grow fennel in a tropical climate?
How do yo adjust the coarseness of coffee ground if you do your own grinding?
How to repel gnats?
How do I teach my kids about fire safety?
How can I keep ticks out of my garden?
I've been impressed with Rachel Maddow as a commentator. What is her background and education?
Football seems so popular, although head injuries seem part of the work. How safe is football as a sport?
Is there a tax on imports coming into the U.S.?
Is it safe to walk in Central Park at night?
What is the latest book released by George R.R. Martin?
What has been the historical prices of gold and major market events for gold since the Great Depression?
Does music help when you are stressed?
What are the side effects of a tummy tuck?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Taiwanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Dan Bing?
I'm camping and heard a shreaking noise. What could it be?
How can I teach my child to ride a bike?
Can you tell me how a month to month rental agreement with a landlord works?
What's the capital of France?
What is Elf on the Shelf?
Can you help me find a recipe for apple pie filling?
What are some nice lullabies for kids?
Who was Alexander Fleming?
I'm travelling abroad and need ask for the train station in different languages. Can you help?
I need to change a tire.
how can i reduce waste when ordering take out?
Hi, I have a Smith & Wesson Model 29 revolver, .44 magnum. It hurts too much to shoot with the factory wood grips, so I got a pair of soft rubber ones to replace them, but I can't figure out how that's done. How do I replace the grips?
Is a diesel engine or gas engine better for a truck?
What are some good gift ideas for a 6 year old boy?
Should I got to a tax preparer or do the taxes on my own
Is there an ideal time for people to go to bed and also wake up in the morning? Is there anything scientifically relevant with our internal clocks?
My son (who is eight) is having a very hard time dealing with the death of his grandfather (my partner's father). The death was somewhat sudden and it's his first experience dealing with something like this (besides losing a pet once). He is confused, doesn't understand why he won't see Grandpa again, and I don't know what to say about it or how much I should say.
What's a good surprise for my husband for our anniversary?
what are natural remedies for asthma?
Do you know of any good ways for a person to quit smoking cigarettes?
Which wearable tracker is the cheapest?
What are some good Disney movies not about princesses?
I've heard that the flu vaccine was just released for this year. I'm young and healthy so how important is it for me to get it?
I like to go running or jogging, but I can only go after dark. Do you have any safety tips for me?
I'm thinking about online dating, do you think it's a good idea?
What should I paint on my mug?
I'm curious about different phones. Some are iPhones and some are Samsung Galaxy phones. Thus, different operating systems. Can you tell me the differences between Android and iOS?
What animals are closely related to guiniea pigs?
What is the best way to study for an exam?
Can you buy specialized car insurance for classic cars?
How much is Intel worth now?
Can you tell me if Nile crocodile are native to North America?
Why do people like to go on cruises?
What foods are high in potassium?
I'm trying to explain how optical illusions work to my young son, and I realized I'm not sure how optical illusions work either. Why are our eyes capable of being tricked by things like optical illusions, such as mirages?
How do I teach a child to brush their own teeth?
I'm looking to teach martial arts to middle schoolers
How do I become a camp counselor?
how can I lose 10lbs in 30 days
Are people in China racist against Europeans?
Can you tell me why fireflies light up?
my girlfriend is overthinking and insecure about her body and I want to comfort her but I don't know how. can you help me
What are some good open world games where your choices matter for the PS4?
is there a difference between diversity training and social intelligence training?
I am thinking about going to the Grand Canyon. I live in Dallas. Would you recommend for me to fly or to drive my car?
What are some everyday adult skills I should have or develop in my 20s?
How do I learn to wrap presents neatly?
I was wondering if you could tell me how to make edible water bubbles. I heard about them from a friend.
What are Belgian waffles?
How often should I go to the dentist for cleaning?
what are traditional thai foods?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
What period of art was Van Gogh in?
Did Carly Simon ever share who the real identity was, of the person she sung about, in the song, "You're so Vain" - it was a big mystery.
What book should I start to read next?
When do solar eclipses occur?
Can you recommend an album to listen to? I like pop, rock, and country.
Are there any ways that I can improve my wireless signal strength?
What are the basics of tarot card reading?
Can you help explain the differences to me between dogs and wolves?
Can you tell me what the code of hammurabi was?
How does Zelle work?
I heard that lobster used to be a poor person's food back in the old days, why is it so expensive now?
Who designed the American Flag?
how do i make an ice cream sundae?
Hi, I'm interested in pursuing a career in acting. Can you give me any tips on the type of work and education I should seek out in order to accomplish that?
My 35 year old son is having pain from his jaw, neck and shoulder blade
How long does it take to brew beer?
Do most stores close later than normal on Black Friday?
How do I make a safe space for a baby to crawl?
Are any other countries preparing for a moon landing in the near future?
How can I improve my skincare routine?
Can you tell me how best to care for a lavender plant?
What are some good martial arts for kids?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a great actor. What are some of his best movies?
I'm hosting a Superbowl party this weekend and I wanted to get some good food for it. What do people enjoy eating at a Superbowl party?
My toilet has been running non-stop. I heard there is an easy fix for this?
Can you help me to learn a little bit about vertigo?
What year was the movie "Paper Moon" released?
What is the maximum weight that a 1/2 ton truck can haul?
What is the best TV show for a 3y old child?
What are some fun activities my kids can do while swimming?
My daughter is going to her first prom. How can I help her prepare?
What are some fruit trees that can be grafted together?
Can you explain how cell phone towers work?
When cycling in the wintertime, can you wear boots rather than cyclings shoes?
What are some interesting grilled cheese recipes?
Can you recommend me a rechargeable LED flashlight to purchase?
When did the pilgrims arrive in the United States?
What are some good Indonesian dishes I could make?
I have to teach a 7 year old about decimals. How can I explain decimals?
What are some types of ways I can cook tofu?
What toy should I get for a child who loves nature?
What is the official bird of Louisiana
What are the benefits of green tea?
What is concealer?
How can I get all the amino acids I need if I'm a vegan?
Can you tell me the best time to do holiday shopping in order to get the best deals?
I have a bunch of potatoes that are going to go bad soon. What are some different recipes for potatoes?
How do I roast vegetables?
How do you slice tomato into neat, clean slices?
I want to tell my therapist I’m thankful for her help. What should I say?
what are some places i can visit in detroit?
What can you tell me about chihuahuas?
There are movies about yellowstone erupting and destroying the country. Could this really happen?
What is the best time of the year to grow peppers in Maryland?
Is oil painting easier to learn compared to Acrylic?
How do I learn to use a pogo stick?
Why do colleges put so much more resources into their sports programs than they do for academic pursuits?
How do you write a song?
How can I improve my basketball shooting accuracy?
How do I keep pipes from freezing in the winter?
How do i get a perfect cooked turkey for thanksgiving?
How does a cloud fill up with water?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Cameroonian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ndole?
What time of the year would it be best to grow pumpkins in my garden?
what do i do if an owl is roosting in my barn?
I'd like to move somewhere in the United States without a cold winter. What state should I look into?
How do I cook boneless chicken breasts in the oven?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Guyanese dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Eddoe Soup?
How do I unclog a bathroom sink?
How can I find ways to motivate myself to be more productive?
Can you take Aleve everyday for pain?
I'm trying to spruce up my style. What are some ways I can accessorize a basic tee shirt and jeans?
Hi, my friends want me to come paly soccer with them this weekend. Can you explain how the game is played, so I won't embarrass myself?
How do I know if I have skin cancer?
I really like pasta, but want to get more protein in my life. How can I make pasta dishes healthier?
I want to cook fluffy scrambled eggs. Can you help me?
I'm doing a research paper on MK Ultra. What can you tell me about that?
I am not a religious person, but I'd like to be. How can I explore different faiths and traditions to find one that is right for me?
Could you help me put together a playlist of 90s alternative music?
Who is the girl that played on MASH?
How is stretching beneficial for martial arts?
Can you tell me how to make banana bread?
Are Red Foxes native to North America?
What is a good Christmas movie to watch every year?
I'm thinking about reading a new book. I love Alice Walker's work. Any suggestions?
Find a egg casserole recipe
Should you lease or buy a car?
I'm planning on investing on cryptocurrency, what type of cryptocurrency is the best these days?
I know what regular mayo tastes like, but what does Japanese mayo taste like and how does it differentiate from American mayo?
I want to go to Disney World in Florida with my kids this coming December. How is the weather in December?
Could you help me figure out how to rob a bank?
What are some gifts to buy from a kid who loves transformers?
Can you help me to learn a bit more about the poet Lord Byron?
How do you free a car that's stuck in snow?
I want to know more about the movie A Star Is Born. Who were the main actor and actress?
What's the difference between rain paints and ski paints? They both seem to be waterproof pants.
How do I gain confidence when asking someone out?
How do I invest in bitcoin?
How can I socialize my baby?
I want to make a nice steak dinner, but I don't know the difference between the various cuts of steak.
Should I eat inside restaurant during COVID when I am around elderly parents
Is Australia a good place to go on vacation?
Where was Joe Biden born?
How do tv programs come to the tv via antenna?
How many times a day should a child brush their teeth?
How do you cook spaghetti squash
what are places to see in seattle?
How can I do more networking and make some important friends?
What are good ways to keep flies away from the outdoor trash can?
What's a good song for learning to play bass guitar?
How can I divide ferns?
What are some good places to take kids for a day trip?
Ugh! I need to write an essay by tomorrow night. If I give you some dot points, could you write it for me?
What are some food dishes that I can make with shrimp?
Why do stars in the night's sky appear to twinkle?
How can I make a superman costume?
I frequently use my phone on cold winter mornings and I'm wondering if it's safe to use an iPhone when it's in 20 degree ambient temperature.
How do I pack for a hiking trip?
How do you build a snowman?
What are the names of Santa's reindeer?
What to write in a card to cheer someone up?
What are the best careers in the tech field right now?
Do you have any advice for someone who is changing career?
Find a chili dog recipe
What can I dip crunchy pretzels in?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
My daughter has to take her driving test soon. What are some basic tips I can give her to help her become a good driver?
What are some activities I can do in Daytona Beach?
What are some educational websites with free learning or free courses?
How do you can vegetables?
Can you help me with some tips for improving my intelligence?
Can you recommend me some good restaurants that are in Paris?
I have a hard time getting organized to get all of my chores done. Can you help me with that?
What are items in a hotel room that I should wipe down with antibacterial solution?
Is having an abortion immoral?
Can you recommend me a couple vegan friendly dinner dishes?
I have a problem with moths putting holes in the sweaters. How can I protect my wool from moths?
Can you tell me what a relish is/
Are Olive Garden restaurants still around in the United States?
What is scaling and root planing at a dental office?
what is the age of Marriage consent in Vermont
How do I get my dog to stop excessive licking?
How do I get someone to open up and be vulnerable?
Can cats eat table scraps?
I'm unsure of where to invest my money. I know very little about stocks but might be interested in learning more about them. Can you direct me on where to begin?
Can you recommend me similar musicians to Avril Lavigne, Fiona Apple and Taylor Swift?
How can I get oil off of a duck?
How did the number "13" end up being unlucky?
How do I get a scholarship for college as a high school student?
Which continent is the largest in the world?
I'm going to France and need to learn a few food words.
I want to make cranberry sauce for Thanksgiving. Can you help me find a good recipe?
how can i harvest honey
I'm taking a trip to Paris and would like to learn a few common French phrases.
How can I advertise my Etsy page?
I just finished Breaking Bad and thought it was great. Can you recommend similar shows?
What are fun games to play with a toddler with a ball?
How long does Macy's give you to return clothing for a full refund?
I want to learn more about the lower house of Congress. Are you familiar with it?
What is a good bird for a pet for a child?
Is it ok for kids to drink flavored milk?
I'm thinking about piercing my ears. What are possible negative side effects to the procedure?
Why are there so many different size bullets for guns?
I want to make a perfect egg omelet. Can you help me?
Who sings Pokerface?
Who is Moby Dick?
What movie should I watch tonight
Where did Cyber Monday come from?
How do I care for a Power Wheels battery?
What are some good things to do when bored?
How do I learn to do club dances?
What is the best time of the year to plant Sun Flowers in my garden?
How do I get a child to color in the lines?
are tampons ok for children to use?
What does LTE mean?
Can you help me to understand what acacia fiber is?
Can you tell me all of the different eras of the survivor tv series, and how it changed over the seasons?
What scents do you recommend for aromatherapy?
christmas is coming up and i need to buy my mum something as a present. She likes clothes, furniture, and cooking. What should I buy her?
I'm taking a trip to Paris and want to see the popular landmarks and attractions. What are they?
what should i do if i like my best friend?
Who were the three main characters on Three's Company?
Do you know how to make rendang, an Indonesian dish?
How can I make my car last long without breaking down
How do I ease a mosquito bite?
How do I plant and care for a lemon tree?
What sort of long-term effects does caffeine have on the body?
What can I buy for a present for a kid who loves mermaids?
Can you recommend a good novel?
I've had several plants in my house, some over 20 years. I'm curious about how the leaves are mostly green. Can you explain that? Why plants have green leaves mostly?
Kids should be taught things about money. What are some things they should be taught to build good money habits?
What is a very healthy exercise for people over 50?
Is a keto diet effective?
Have there been any major breakthroughs recently regarding drone technology?
Search for Kevin James movies
What are some ways I can improve my posture?
What is an Empanada?
How can I improve my basketball shooting accuracy?
I have an eyeglass cloth I need to clean. Can you tell me how I am to clean an eyeglass cloth? I don't wanna ruin it
I want to go to Japan. What time of year is best to do this for a tourist?
What can you tell me about the California gold rush?
What causes the bottom of pots and pans to turn black?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Indonesian dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Ayam Bakar Bumbu Rujak?
How do I become a police officer?
What's the safest way to thaw frozen meats quickly?
I am trying to find out the songwriter for You are My Sunshine. Can you help?
I'm trying to decide on a new show to watch on Netflix.
I want to make marshmallow granola bars. Do you have a recipe?
Which TV series are similar to The X-Files?
what are chickpeas?
What should I build my guest house out of?
I have to write an essay for college about contemporary literature. Can you tell me the best way to structure it?
How can I donate blood if I never did it before?
what can i get my wife for our 25th anniversary?
I'm planning to make cookies for Christmas. I found some recipes online but I am hoping that you have better recipes.
What ingredients do I need to make a margherita pizza?
Can you find a guide for caring for a new tattoo?
I like to host guests at my home from time to time, and I am gathering recipes of different dishes and drinks to keep things interesting. I am interested in trying some Filipino dishes. Can you give me a recipe for Beef Mechado?
Does the US really go to war because of the access to oil in other countries?